You know what I do is write for kids , and in fact , I 'm probably the author for kids , more read in the United States .
And I always tell people that I do n't want to look like a scientist .
I can wear as a farmer , or with leather clothing , and nobody has ever chosen a farmer .
Today I 'm here to talk to you about circles and epiphanies .
And you know that a epiphany generally is something that fell somewhere .
You just have to go back to the apple to see it as a epiphany .
That 's the painting of a circle .
A friend of mine did that -- Richard <unk> .
It 's the kind of a complicated circle of which I 'm going to talk about .
My circle started in the '60s at the middle school , in <unk> , Ohio where I was the rare class of class .
When she was beating every week in the boys ' bathroom , until a teacher saved my life .
She saved my life when I could get into the teachers ' bathroom .
I was doing it in secret .
And for three years .
And I had to go from the city .
He had a thumb , and 85 dollars , and I ended up in San Francisco , California -- I found a lover -- and in the '80s , I felt the need to start working on organizations fighting AIDS .
About three or four years ago , in the middle of the night , I got a phone call from that teacher , the lady <unk> who said , `` I need to see you .
I 'm disillusioned with adults we never get to know .
You could <unk> Ohio , and please bring that man that I know you 've found .
And I 've got to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer , and I 'd like you to give you through this please . ''
Well , the next day we were in Cleveland .
We went to see , we were laughing , we cried , and we realized that she needed to be <unk> .
We found it a place , the <unk> , and the <unk> and we charge care of his family , because it was necessary .
It 's something we knew how to do .
And as the woman who wanted to know me as an adult came to realize , it became a <unk> box and was put in my hands .
And what happened was that the circle was closed , it had become a circle -- and that epiphany that I talked about was made in itself .
<unk> is that death is part of life .
She saved my life , my partner and I save her .
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life is .
It needs truth and beauty , and I 'm very happy that I 've talked a lot about this .
It also needs -- it needs dignity , love and pleasure . And it 's our work to provide those things .
Thank you .
As an artist , the connection is very important to me .
Through my work , I 'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature and everything is interconnected .
I was for the first time to Antarctica about 10 years ago , and I saw my first <unk> .
I was amazed .
My heart can quickly , I was <unk> , trying to understand what was in front of me .
<unk> me around the water almost 60 feet , and I could n't even think that it was a snowflake about another snowflake after year .
<unk> are born when they come from the glaciers or break the walls of ice .
Each iceberg has its own individual personality .
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences .
Some refuse to give up and hold up to the end , while others ca n't stand it more and become a dramatic passion .
It 's easy to think , when you see an iceberg , that are isolated apart and alone , as much as we see us as humans .
But the reality is the opposite .
As a iceberg melts , I 'm breathing its ancestral atmosphere .
As an iceberg melts water rich , rich mineral water that feeds a lot of life .
I 'm close to photographing these <unk> as if it was out of my ancestors 's portraits , knowing that in these unique moments , there 's just that way , and they will not exist again that way again .
It 's not death when you melt ; it 's not an end , but a continuation of its way through the life cycle .
Part of the ice of the <unk> I 'm photographing is very young -- he 's got a couple thousand years old .
And another part of the ice has over 100,000 years .
The last pictures I 'd like to show you is an iceberg who photographed in <unk> , Greenland .
It 's unusual to actually be able to see a treadmill .
Here you have .
You can see the left one little boat .
It 's about five feet .
And I 'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your line of <unk> .
You can see here , it starts rolling , the ship has moved to the other side , and the man is standing there .
This is a Greenland iceberg , <unk> .
It 's about 120 feet or 40 feet .
This video is in real time .
And so I want , the iceberg shows a different side of his personality .
Thank you .
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979 , the same day , exactly at the same time , every single person , a baby .
So , two couples every one with a baby .
I do n't want you to stop too much in the details of conception , because if you stop thinking about bias , they 're not going to pay attention .
Let 's think about that for a moment .
And on this stage , I want you to imagine that , in one case , the Y chromosome is binds to the X chromosome of the egg .
And in the other case , the X Y chromosome comes together the X chromosome of the egg .
Both both turn on and starts life .
We 'll go back to talk about them later .
In my business , I turned two roles .
In one of my roles , I work with the history of anatomy .
I 'm an historian of training and what I study in this case is the way people came up with the anatomy -- which is to say , human bodies and <unk> , how they have considered the body fluids , the idea of the body , what you 've thought about the body .
The other role that I 'm doing in my work is the activist , as a advocate of patients or , as I say sometimes , <unk> people who are medical patients .
In this case , I 've worked with people whose physical characteristics challenge social norms .
I 've been working , for example , with <unk> twins , two people inside a body .
I 've worked with people with <unk> ; people far lower than average .
And I 've worked with many cases of people with hearing sex , individuals whose physical typology does n't fit into male women and female schemes .
In general lines , we can call it <unk> .
<unk> takes many ways .
I 'm going to give you a few examples of ways of having a sex that wo n't be used in the male or female forms .
So for example , there 's the case of the individual with <unk> XY whose gene from the chromosome says to the <unk> , that we all have in the fetal life , that become testicles .
And then in the fetal life , the testes make testosterone .
But since this individual lacks testosterone receptors , the body does n't react to the same .
It 's the <unk> syndrome .
So there 's high levels of testosterone , but no reaction .
So as a result , the body develops by following a females typically .
When the baby is born , the baby looks like a child .
It 's a girl . He 's raised as a girl .
And , often , it 's not until puberty , when it 's growing and developing breasts , but it does n't have the menstrual cycle , when someone realizes that something is happening .
After doing tests , you realize that instead of having ovaries and uterus , it actually has testicles and a Y chromosome .
The important thing to understand is that you can think it 's a man , but it 's actually not .
Women , like men , we have in the body something called <unk> glands .
They 're in the back of the body .
<unk> glands produce <unk> , the hormone <unk> hormone .
Most of the women like me -- I consider a typical woman , does n't know its <unk> structure ; I think I will be a typical woman , most of the women like me are sensitive to <unk> .
We 're producing <unk> and we respond to the <unk> .
As a result , somebody like me has the most exposed brain to <unk> that the woman who was born with the <unk> syndrome .
So sex is complicated . It 's not that the <unk> are in the middle of the spectrum -- in some way , you can be everywhere .
Another example : a few years ago , I got a call from a 19-year-old who was born and raised as a male -- he had girlfriend , and sex with her , he had a life as a kid , and I just found out I had ovaries and uterus .
He had an extreme form of a disease called <unk> <unk> <unk> .
He had 20th chromosomes and the uterus glands were so active that , essentially , they created a male hormone environment .
As a result , their genitals were <unk> , his brain was exposed to the hormone typically component .
He was born as a child ; nobody suspected anything .
And it was at 19 years when he started having problems that have caused internal menstruation problems , when doctors discovered that , in fact , it was a woman in fact .
Well , another example of a case of <unk> .
Some people with chromosomes develop what 's known as <unk> , which is , have <unk> tissue wrapped in <unk> tissue .
We do n't know why that 's happening .
So there are many different varieties of sex .
The reason that children with these kinds of bodies are <unk> , <unk> twins , or <unk> surgeries they 're not in order to have a better physical health experience .
In many cases , people are perfectly healthy .
The reason that they 're being treated by a few surgeries is that they 're a threat to our social categories .
The system is based usually in the idea that a particular anatomy brings together a particular identity .
We have the idea that being a woman is to have female identity ; supposedly , being black means to have African anatomy in historic terms .
Very simplistic idea .
And when you presented to us a body that shows something quite different , we have trouble with <unk> .
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about individualism .
Our nation is based on a concept of very romantic individualism .
Imagine how surprising it is to have kids that are born as two people inside a body .
The biggest case is last year in the past year with <unk> <unk> <unk> ; it was put in the canvas of judgment in the Berlin Olympics in Berlin .
Many journalists called to wonder , `` What a test is going to do to determine whether or a woman ? ''
And I had to explain to the journalists that there 's no such a test .
In fact , we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature does n't trace a line between men and women or men and <unk> and women and <unk> ; we are who we 've mapped that line .
So what we have is a situation where the more we go through science , the more we have to admit that these categories -- that we thought were kind of stable anatomic categories which was labeled directly with stable categories -- they 're much more <unk> than we thought of .
And not just in terms of sex .
Also in terms of race , something that 's much more complicated than the terminology allows .
As we see , we go into a rough terrain .
So , for example , the fact that we share at least 95 percent of the DNA with chimpanzees .
What about the fact of the fact that they made of them in just a few nucleotides ?
And as we moved in science , we become increasingly becoming an awkward zone in which we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that are probably too simplistic .
And we 're looking at this in all walks of human life .
One of them , for example , in our current culture , in the United States today , are the struggles at the beginning and the end of life .
It 's hard to set up a moment from which one body becomes human and it has different rights to the <unk> .
There are very <unk> discussions today , not in public , but I know within <unk> , when someone is considered dead .
Our ancestors never had to deal with this question of whether someone was dead .
As a lot as they would put a pen in front of the nose , and if he was still not <unk> .
If I stopped moving it .
But today , we can , for example , extract vital organs from one body and put them in another body .
And as a consequence , we have to address the dilemma of determining someone 's death , and this puts us in a difficult situation where we do n't have the simple categories of the past .
And maybe think that this explosion of categories could be happy to someone like me .
In politics , I 'm progressive , I claim people with unusual bodies , but I have to admit that I felt nervous .
You know that these categories are much more fragile than we were thinking about .
<unk> from the concept of democracy .
And to tell you about this tension first , I have to admit that I 'm a fervent fan of parents ' parents .
I know they were racist , I know they were <unk> , but they were big .
I mean , they were so brave and bold and so radical in what they did , which I find every little bit of seeing that music <unk> `` 1776 , '' which is totally <unk> .
That 's why it happened in 1776 with parents .
And I know those fathers were , for me , the first activists in the anatomy and explain why .
What they 'd been rejected was an anatomic concept , and I 'd put it to another one that was radical and beautiful and kept over 200 years .
And , as you all remember , what we 'd been rejected by our spouses was the idea of the monarchy , the monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of anatomy .
The monarchs of the old world did n't know the DNA , but they had clear the idea of the birth of birth .
They had the concept of blue blood .
They were the idea that was coming into the political power of the blood being passed from the grandfather to the father and then the son and so on .
And I know , I know , I know , I know , I know that idea and the replaced by a new anatomic concept and that concept was that all men are created equal .
They 're going to redesign the game field and they decided that the anatomy that mattered was the anatomy in common and not the anatomic differences . That was a very radical thing .
And partly they were doing it because they 're part of a <unk> system where two things were happening .
democracy was happening , and at the same time it was born science .
And it 's very clear , if you look at the story of parents ' history , that many of them were very interested in science and in the idea of a <unk> world .
They were <unk> from supernatural explanations , and therefore they would reject the concept of power that was transmitted by a vague idea of the birth of birth .
They were moving towards a <unk> concept .
And if we look at , for example , the Declaration of Independence , they talk about nature and the god of nature .
They do n't talk about God and the nature of God .
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are .
And so we were passing the idea of the anatomical coincidence .
And by doing so , they were laid the foundations of the Civil Rights Movement .
They did n't think about it that way , but they did it for us and it was great .
And what happened next ?
And the women succeeded .
Then came the success of the Civil Rights Movement with people who are <unk> <unk> , who said , `` I 'm not a woman ? ''
We found men in the front of the Civil Rights Movement , saying , `` I 'm a man . ''
And again , people of color who are going to promote the anatomical coincidence about the anatomical difference , and again , they succeeded .
We see the same with the <unk> Movement .
The problem is , of course , as we look at the coincidences , we have to start asking why we sustain certain divisions .
But , attention , I want to maintain some anatomical of our culture .
For example , I do n't want to give a fish the same rights to a human .
I do n't want to say that we should be persuaded by anatomy .
I do n't mean that at five years , they were supposed to allow you to have sex or marry .
There are some metrics that make sense , and that I think we should maintain .
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are , why they keep them and if they make sense .
Well , let 's go back to those two <unk> beings at the beginning of this talk .
We have two beings , both <unk> in 1979 exactly the same day .
Imagine that one of them , Mary , was born three months before time : June 1 , 1980 .
Henry , on the contrary , was born in term : March 1 , 1980 .
For the only fact that I was born three months before Mary gets attributed to all the rights three months before Henry -- the right to sexual consent right , the right to vote , the right to <unk> .
Henry has to wait for all of that not because he has a different biological age , but because he was born later .
We found other oddities in relation to their rights .
Henry , at virtue of being considered man -- if I 'm not told if I was <unk> , at virtue of being considered man now , he 's been <unk> from the mandatory <unk> of Mary does n't have to worry about .
Mary , for her part , does n't have the same rights to marriage that Henry in all states , for example .
Henry can marry all of the states with a woman , but Mary can marry a woman in some states .
So they still do think that in various ways , in various ways , there are trouble and questionable .
And now the question is : What do we do now that science advanced so much in the field of anatomy we get to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on anatomy could go down ?
I do n't want to give up the science , but at the same time , I feel like science benefits us .
Where are we going ?
It seems that what happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude : `` Well , we have to draw the line somewhere , so we 're going to do it . ''
But many people are trapped in a very rare position .
For example , Texas at a moment has decided that to marry a man , you do n't have to have chromosome and to marry a woman , you have to get Y .
Now , in practice , they do n't take tests from people .
But this is also very strange , given the story that I told you at the beginning of the <unk> syndrome .
If we look at one of the founding parents of modern democracy , Dr. Martin Luther King , in his speech , `` And I have a <unk> . '' offers a solution .
It says that we should judge people , `` based on the color of their skin , but in the content of their character , '' going beyond the anatomy .
And I mean , `` Yes , the idea seems very good . ''
But in practice , how do you do it ?
How do people judge people based on their character ?
I want to point out also that I 'm not sure that we should be able to put it on this to <unk> rights to people , because I 'll admit that I know some <unk> <unk> that probably deserve more social services than some humans I know .
I also want to say that maybe some <unk> that I know can make more informed , intelligent and mature decisions about their sexual relationships that people from 40 to know .
So how do you put the issue of character content ?
It 's very difficult .
And one part of me asks what would happen if the character of a person could in the future be measured by an instrument , maybe with an MRI .
Do we really want to get to that point ?
I 'm not sure where we go .
What I do know is that it seems to be very important that the United States continues to lead this current stream to the subject of democracy .
We 've done a good job in defense of democracy and I think we 're going to make good work in the future .
We do n't live , for example , in a context like the Iranian , where a man who feels attracted to other men is susceptible to being killed , unless they 're willing to submit to a sex change , in which case it 's allowed to live .
We 're not in that situation .
I 'm glad to say that we do n't have a context like the surgeon who talked about a couple of years ago that I had done a couple of years ago that I had done to give birth twins , and then they grow their fame .
But when the phone asked him the purpose of the operation -- he was a very <unk> operation , and he said that in that other country , these kids would be very abused , and therefore I had to do it .
And I said , `` Well , have you considered political asylum rather than the surgical separation ? ''
The United States offers tremendous possibilities to people to be who are not <unk> to change for the state of state .
So I think we have to be in the head .
Well , to finish , I mean , I 've been talking a lot about my parents .
And I want to think about what democracy would be , or as it might have been , if we were given more participation to the moms .
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist , and that is that I think there may be different ideas from different anatomical ways , in particular if there are people thinking in a group .
For years , since I 've been interested in <unk> , I 've also been interested in researching the sexual difference .
And one of the things that I 've been interested in is the differences between men and women in terms of the way we think and operate in the world .
And what we know from <unk> studies is that women , on average , not all , but in <unk> tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and to care about those who are <unk> within the group .
And if we think about that , we have an interesting situation in our hands .
And years ago , when I was in graduate school , one of my advisers who knew I was interested in feminism , I was interested in feminism as a feminist , like <unk> me .
`` Tell me what the feminism is from . ''
And I thought , `` It 's the stupidest question I 've ever heard .
Feminism has to do with unpicking gender 's stereotypes , so there 's nothing feminine in feminism .
But the more I thought about it , the more I thought about this question , that there 's a little feminine thing in feminism .
I mean , there might be something , on average , something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more responsive to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable .
So , if I know the Parents , they were very attentive to find the way we protect people from the state , is possible that , to have put more <unk> into this concept , perhaps we would have enriched the concept of protection with the <unk> support .
And maybe that 's what we have to do in the future when we take democracy beyond the anatomy : to think less in the individual body , in terms of identity , and think more about relationships .
So while we 're trying to create a more perfect joint , let 's think about what we do for each other .
Thank you .
In 2007 , I decided we had to rethink how we think about economic development .
Our new goal should be that when every family thinking where they want to go to live and work , it has the possibility of choice between at least a bunch of different cities that are competing to attract new residents .
Well , right now , we are far from that goal .
There are billions of people in developing countries that do n't count in a single city willing to get them .
But the amazing thing about cities is that they are worth much more than their construction cost .
So we could easily engage the world tens , perhaps hundreds of new cities .
Well , this may sound absurd if you 've never thought about new cities .
But we simply ranked by apartment buildings .
Imagine that half of those who would want to live in apartments whether they were owners and than half the other half is still not to do it .
You could try to increase the ability to build <unk> in all existing buildings .
But you know that the problem is that those buildings and the areas that surround them have rules to avoid the ailments and the distractions .
So it would be very difficult to do all these <unk> .
But they could go to a totally new place , build a whole new apartment building , always and when the norms of that place would be established rather than being permitted .
So I proposed that governments were going to build new areas of large enough reform to contain cities and gave them a name : cities under charter cities .
I later found out that more or less at the same time , <unk> and <unk> were thinking about the challenge of Honduras .
They knew that every year about 75,000 <unk> would come out of their country to go to the United States , and they wanted to ask , what could they do to ensure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras .
In summer 2009 , Honduras went through a constitutional crisis <unk> .
In the next regular , <unk> elections , <unk> <unk> had a platform in which promised reforms and at the same time reconciliation .
He asked <unk> that he was his head of cabinet .
Meanwhile , I was preparing to give a talk at TEDGlobal .
Through a process of refinement , trial and error and a lot of evidence with users , I tried to reduce this complicated concept of charter cities to their most essential ideas .
The first point was the importance of norms , like those norms that say that you ca n't go and bother all the current residents of apartments .
We 're going to make a lot of attention to new technologies , but it takes so much of technologies as the norms of progress , and usually the rules that prevent us out to move forward .
In the fall of 2010 , a friend of Guatemala sent me a link to the TEDTalk .
I showed it to <unk> .
They called me .
They said , `` We 're going to do this to the leaders of our country . ''
So in December we met in Miami , in a conference room conference room .
I tried to explain to you this point about how valuable cities are , much more valuable than their monetary cost .
And I used this image that shows the value of the land in a place like New York , look at the land that , in some cases , are worth thousands of dollars per square meter .
But it was a pretty abstract argument , and at some point , when there was a pause , he said , `` Paul , maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk . ''
And the talk was describing in terms of very simple that a charter city is a place where you start with <unk> terrain , a charter that specifies the rules that would be made up there and an option for people to choose whether they want to go or not live under those norms .
So the president of Honduras called me , and he told me that we had to do this project , this is important , this might be the way for our country to move forward .
He asked me to go to <unk> and talk again about four and five of January .
So I presented another talk full of data , which included an image like this , which I was trying to explain that to make a lot of value to a city , this has to be very big .
This is a picture of Denver , and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denver .
This airport just covers over 100 square kilometers .
So I was trying to convince you to build a new city , you have to start with a site that will measure at least 1,000 square kilometers .
That 's over 100,000 acres .
The whole world <unk> <unk> .
The public faces were very serious and attentive .
The Congress leader came to the platform , and he said , `` Professor <unk> , thank you so much for your talk , but maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk .
I have this in my computer . ''
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk .
And this explained the essentials -- that a new city can offer new choices for people .
There would be a choice of a city that could go in Honduras , rather than hundreds of miles away to the North .
And it also would include new choices for leaders .
Because the government of Honduras would need help from countries associated with them , could benefit from the countries associated with them to help them build and make the charter standards , so that they could all trust that the charter is actually played .
We went and saw a site .
This picture is there .
It could be easily around a thousand square kilometers .
And shortly later , the 19th of January , they voted in Congress to <unk> his Constitution and add a constitutional arrangement that would allow these special special regions of development .
In a country that had just gone through this painful crisis , the vote in Congress for this constitutional amendment was <unk> to one .
Everybody 's parties , all the factions in society , got it down .
By <unk> in the Constitution , you have to pass twice in Congress .
On February 17 , it was approved again in another vote , and again .
Immediately after the voting , of 21 to 24 to 24 , a delegation of 30 <unk> went to the two places in the world that are most interested in participating in building cities .
One of them is South Korea .
This is a picture of a new center of the city that 's being built in South Korea ; it 's bigger than the Boston center .
Everything you see there was built in four years later , after four years , getting permission .
The other country is interested in building cities is Singapore .
In fact , they 've built two cities in China and are preparing for a third .
And if you think about this practical way , this is the point where we are .
They have a site , and they 're already thinking about a site for the second city .
They 're preparing a legal system that would allow the administrators to come , and it would be allowed to operate under an external legal system .
A country has already committed to allow its Supreme Court to be ultimately the court ultimately for this new court system .
There 's urban <unk> and city builders that are very interested in the project .
They can even get some funding .
But the only thing we know you 've been solved is that they have a good number of people .
There are many companies that wanted to go in the Americas , especially in a place with a trade zone , and there are a lot of people who would like to go to live there .
In the world , there are 700 million people who say they 'd be able to change immediately to another place .
There 's a million people coming out of Latin America to go to the United States .
Many of them are parents who have to leave back to their family to get a job ; sometimes they 're single mothers who have to earn money for just to eat or buy clothes .
Unfortunately , sometimes there are even kids who are trying to meet with their parents who have n't seen , in some cases , in a decade .
So what seems to think about building a new city in Honduras ?
Or do you build a dozen of these , or a hundred of these all around the world ?
What does it seem to think about insisting for families to choose between various cities that are competing to attract new residents ?
This is an idea worth spreading .
And my friends were asked to say , `` Thank you TED . ''
I 'm a <unk> , and this is my <unk> .
But before I show you what 's inside , I 'm going to make a public confession , and it is that , I live obsessed with costumes .
I love to find , I love , and more recently , photographing and publishing on my blog , colorful , colorful , different and different .
But I do n't buy anything new .
All my clothes is <unk> of <unk> markets and <unk> shops .
Ah , thank you .
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my <unk> in the environment and in my wallet .
I 'm going to meet <unk> people ; usually my money goes to a good cause ; I 'm going to be unique -- and buy becomes my staff of treasures .
I mean , what am I going to find today ?
Will I be my size ?
Do I like color ?
It will cost less than 20 dollars ?
If all the answers are positive , then I feel I 've gained .
To go back to my <unk> , I want to tell you what I packed for this exciting week at TED .
I mean , what brings someone to have all that clothes ?
So I 'm going to show you exactly what I brought .
I brought seven pairs of underwear , and nothing else .
And it 's inside for exactly a week is everything I 've put in my <unk> .
I thought I would be able to find everything else that I 'd like to use after Palm Springs .
And because they do n't know me as the woman who walks for TED in underwear , that means I found some things .
And I 'd like to show you now the sets for this week .
Does n't sound interesting ?
As I do , I 'm also going to tell you some of the lessons in life that , believe it or not , I 've learned in this adventure of not using new clothing .
Let 's start with Sunday .
I call this brilliant tiger .
You do n't have to spend a lot of money to look good .
You 're almost always seeing it phenomenal for less than 50 dollars .
All the whole , including the jacket , took 55 , and is the most expensive I 've used in the week .
Monday : color is energy .
It 's almost impossible to be impossible to be wrong , when you 're wearing a bright red pants .
If you 're happy , you 're going to attract other happy people .
Tuesday : integration is <unk> .
I 've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time <unk> .
I just do .
If you get rid of the right people , you 're not just going to understand you , you also know .
<unk> : <unk> of the child you take inside .
Sometimes people tell me that it seems to play the <unk> , or that I remember their seven of seven years .
I like to say , `` Thank you . ''
Thursday : trust is the key .
If you think you 're looking good at something , it 's almost certain that you are .
And if you think you 're not looking at something , it 's probably also true .
My mother taught me this day after day .
But it was n't until 30 years that I really understood .
And I 'm going to explain it in a few seconds .
If you think you 're a beautiful person in your inner and outside , you do n't see you ca n't attract .
So there 's no excuse for anybody in this audience .
We must be able to achieve everything we want to do .
Thank you .
<unk> : A universal truth for you : the golden <unk> go with everything .
And finally , Saturday : Developing a personal style and unique is a great way of telling the world something about you without having to say a word .
I 've tried it over and over again when people approached this week simply by what I was using . And we had fantastic conversations .
Obviously , this is not going to go into my little <unk> .
So before I went home , I 'm going to give everything .
Because the lesson that I 'm trying to learn about this week is that you have to leave that certain things .
I do n't need to feel emotionally about these things , because around the corner , there will always be another crazy , colorful suit , and if there 's a little bit of love in my heart , I 'm looking for it .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
This is a representation of your brain that we can divide in two parts .
The left side , which is the logic part , and the right side , which is the intuitive part .
So if you put a scale to measure the fitness in each hemisphere , we could design a blueprint of our brain .
For example , this would be somebody who is completely logical .
This would be somebody who is totally intuitive .
So , where does your brain look at this scale ?
Now , some of these little extremes , but I think for most of the members of this audience , your brain is something like this -- with a big fitness in both hemispheres at the same time .
It 's not that it 's another exclusive .
You can be logical and intuitive .
I think I think one of those people , that just like most of the other experimental quantum physicists , we need quite logical to make these complicated ideas .
But at the same time , we need a lot of intuition to make the experiments really work .
How did we develop this intuition ? Well , we like to play with things .
We put ourselves to play with them , and then we see how they react , and then we developed our intuition from that point .
And actually , you do the same thing .
As intuition that you may have developed over the years is the one that says that one thing can be only in a place at the time .
I mean , it may sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time , but you were n't born with this notion , they developed it .
I remember looking at a kid playing in a parking bar .
It was a little boy , and he did n't do it very well , he always fell out .
But I 'll bet the game with that bar parking taught him a valuable lesson , and that is that big things will not allow the <unk> to do it , and they stay in a place .
This is a great conceptual model that you can have in the world , except that you 're a particle physicist .
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist , because they do n't play parking bars , they play with these strange little particles .
And when they play with their particles , they discover that they do all sorts of really bizarre things -- like they can go through walls , or they can be in two different places at the same time .
And then they wrote all these observations , and they called it theory of quantum mechanics .
At that point , the physics , a few years ago , you needed a quantum mechanics to describe those little particles .
But you did n't need the needed to describe the big objects around us every day .
That did n't fit very well to my intuition , and maybe it 's because I do n't play very often with particles .
Well sometimes I play with them , but not a lot .
And I 've never seen it .
I mean , nobody saw a particle .
But it did n't fit well to my logic .
Because if everything is made of little particles and all the little particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics , then should n't it all follow the principles of quantum mechanics ?
I do n't find the reason why it should n't .
And therefore I would feel much better if I could somehow prove that a common object also goes on the principles of quantum mechanics .
That 's why a few years ago , I proposed to do exactly that .
And I did .
This is the first object that you can see that it 's been in an overlap of quantum mechanics .
What we see here is a little computer chip .
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle .
That 's the little bit of metal I 'm going to talk about in a minute .
This is a picture of the object .
And here I 'm going to zoom in a little bit . It 's right in the center .
And then here we make a very large approach to the small metal <unk> .
What we see is a little bit of metal , with a trampoline way , and that stands out on a platform .
And then I did this almost the same way you would do a computer chip .
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip , and I started working all the big machines for about 100 hours .
For the last material , I had to build my own machine -- to make this hole with a <unk> <unk> that is under the device .
This device has the ability to be in a quantum overlap , but it needs some help .
Let me make an analogy .
You know how awkward you 're going to be on an elevator full of people .
I mean , when I 'm on an elevator alone , I do all sorts of weird things , but then when other people go up , I 'll leave you from doing those things , because I do n't want to bother them , or actually frightening .
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave like the same way .
The travel of inanimate objects are not just people , it 's also the light that shines the light and the wind on the side of the room and the heat of the room .
So we knew that if we wanted this little bit of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics , we would have to <unk> all the other passengers .
And that 's what we did .
So let the lights go , then we introduced a Roomba and pulled out all the air , and then we cool it into a temperature of less than a degree by absolute zero .
Now , when you 're just on the elevator , the little piece of metal is free of acting like it .
So we measure their movements .
We discovered that it was moving in very strange forms .
Instead of getting perfectly still , I was vibrating , and the way it was like a breath of this shape -- as a breath in this way -- as a bellows that 's expanding and it takes .
And by giving it a smooth , we were able to make it <unk> , and that we do n't know at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics .
So what I 'm telling you is something really fantastic .
What does it mean that a <unk> and not <unk> at the same time ?
Let 's think about atoms .
In one case : all the trillions of atoms that make up that metal piece are still still and at the same time those same atoms are moving up and down .
It 's just at certain points when those line line up .
In the rest of the time , they 're <unk> .
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time , which means that the whole piece of metal is in two different places .
I think this is great .
Seriously .
It was a <unk> room to do this for all those years , because , look at this , the difference on scale between one atom , and that little bit of metal is more or less the same as the difference between that piece of metal and you .
So if one atom can be in two different places at the same time , and that piece of metal can be in two different places , why not you ?
I mean , it 's my logical part .
So imagine if they were in various places at the same time , how would that be ?
How do you act your consciousness if your body was <unk> in space ?
There 's another part of the story .
And it 's when we heat it up , and we turned the lights down and we looked inside the box , we saw that metal still there in one piece .
And I could get to this new intuition , seemingly all the objects on the elevator actually just quantum objects that are just crammed into a small space .
You hear a lot about that quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected .
Well , that 's not that true .
That 's more than that , it 's deeper .
It 's that those connections , your connections to all the things around you , literally define who you are . And that 's the deep rarity of quantum mechanics .
Thank you .
My name is <unk> .
And 18 months ago I was making another job at Google , until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my head that allowed me to do it .
It took me 18 months .
Many negotiations and stories , I assure you , with 17 very interesting museums of nine countries .
But I 'm going to focus on the demo .
There 's a lot of stories about why we did it .
I think my own story accounts just about this slide , and this is the access .
I grew up in India .
<unk> of a great education -- I do n't have access to many of these museums and artwork .
So when I started traveling and go to museums , I started learning a lot .
And working on Google , I try to make the desire to make it more accessible by technology .
So we formed a team , a great team of people , and we started to do it .
Now , I 'm better at showing you a couple of interesting things that we 've done from their launch .
So , simply , let 's go to <unk> .
Look around all the museums there .
There 's the <unk> gallery , the MoMA , the <unk> , the <unk> , the Van Gogh .
I 'm actually going to go into one of my favorites , to the <unk> , the art museum in New York .
There are two ways of doing it -- very simple .
We click and , <unk> ! We 're already inside the museum .
It does n't matter where you are , Bombay or <unk> , that really does n't matter .
You move around and you have fun .
Do you want to navigate the museum ?
We opened up the top plane , and , with one click , we jumped inside .
They 're inside , that you want to go to the end of the hallway .
Just go forward . That 's <unk> !
<unk> .
Thank you , but I have n't reached the best .
Now I 'm in front of one of my favorite paintings , `` The <unk> '' of Pieter <unk> in the <unk> .
I see the sign + .
If the museum shows us the image , we click there .
Look , this is one of the images .
Here 's all the metadata data .
For those of you who are really interested in art , you can click there ; but I 'm going to click here right now .
And this is one of the images that we 've captured in what we call <unk> technology .
So this image , for example , contains it , I think , about 10,000 million pixels .
And there 's a lot of people who ask me , `` And what do you get with 10,000 billion pixels ? ''
So I 'll show you what you really do with 10,000 billion pixels .
You can zoom in in a very simple way .
You see fun things that are happening .
I love this kid , his expression is no price .
But if you really want to want to dive .
So I started playing , and I found something that was happening there .
And I said , `` Wait a moment , this looks interesting . ''
I walked in and discovered that the kids were actually playing something .
I did a little bit , I talked to some people from the <unk> , and I actually found that this is a <unk> game , which is to hit a <unk> with a stick on last Tuesday .
And apparently it was very popular .
I do n't know why they did it , but I 've learned something about it .
And now we 're going to get down even further and you 'll see that you can really get to the cracks .
Now just to give you a little perspective , I 'm going to pull out the image , so you 'll really see what there is .
Here 's where we were , and this is the painting .
The best thing is to come , a second .
So now we 're going to quickly jump back to the MoMA in New York .
Here 's another one of my favorites , `` The night <unk> . ''
The example I showed was to find details .
But what if you want to see the <unk> ?
And if you want to see how van Gogh actually created this masterpiece ?
It goes up and really achieved it .
I 'm going to one of my favorite parts in this frame , and I 'm really going to get to the cracks .
This is `` overnight <unk> , '' I think I 'd never seen it before .
I 'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions .
There are a lot more things here , but I have no time to show it .
This is the really cool part . It 's called `` <unk> . ''
All of you , absolutely all of you , does n't matter whether it 's rich or poor , or if you have an mansion , that day .
You can online your own museum , create your own collection from all these images .
It 's very simple , we go in , I 've created this function that I call `` The Power of zooming , '' we just got a zooming around .
It 's about `` The ambassadors '' at the National Gallery in London .
You can write things , send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel when you feel when you feel at these masterpieces .
So in conclusion , I think for me , the main thing is that all incredible things do n't come from Google .
No , in my opinion , they even did n't come from the museums .
Maybe I should n't say this .
Actually , come from those artists .
And that 's been my humble experience with this .
I mean , I hope that in this digital medium , it will do justice to its artwork , and it 's represented appropriately online .
And the big question I 'm doing today is , `` You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum ? ''
And the answer is no .
It 's to supplement the experience .
And that 's all . Thank you .
Thank you .
Good afternoon .
I have something to show you .
Think of it is a pixel , a flying pixel .
In our lab we call it sensitive design .
I 'm going to tell you a little bit about this .
If you look at this photo -- I 'm from Italian origin , all the kids in Italy grow up with this photo on the wall of his bedroom , but the reason I show you this is that it has happened something very interesting in the last two decades .
Some time , if you wanted to win a career of Formula 1 , I would take a budget , and I 'll take it to a good pilot and a good car .
And if the car and the pilot were good enough , you win my career .
This is what , in engineering , the control system , in real time .
It 's essentially a system that has two components : a sensor and a <unk> .
What 's interesting today is that real-time systems are beginning to enter in our lives .
Our cities , over the last few years , have been covered with networks and electronics .
They 're going back to the open air .
And as such , they 're starting to respond differently and they can be detected and <unk> .
<unk> cities is something big .
As a note , I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the cortex of the planet , but they represent 50 percent of the world 's population .
75 percent of the energy consumption -- and to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions .
If we could do something with cities , it would be something big .
Beyond cities , all of these detections , and they 're actually going into our everyday objects .
This is from an exhibition of Vulnerability <unk> for the weekends at MoMA , during the summer .
It 's called `` uncle ' TEDTalk . ''
Well , our objects , the environment , begin to speak to us .
In a way , it 's as if almost all of the existing atoms went back to sensors and actuators .
And that 's changing the interaction as humans have with the outer environment .
It 's almost like the old dream of Michelangelo .
You know , when Michelangelo was tracked , he says that at the end he took the hammer , and he threw it on the Moses -- you can still see a small dent in <unk> and said , `` <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> ? ''
Well , today , for the first time , our environment starts to speak to us .
And I 'm going to show you just a few examples -- <unk> in the idea of taking the environment and push something .
Let 's start detection .
The first project I wanted to share with you is really one of the first projects in our lab .
This was four and a half years ago in Italy .
It was a summer , hopefully , 2006 .
It was the year in which Italy won the World Cup .
Maybe some of you remember , they were playing Italy and France , and at the end of the <unk> gave the <unk> .
And anyway , at the end , I won Italy .
Now let 's see what happened that day by looking at the activity based on the network .
Here we see the city .
You see the Coliseum in the middle and the <unk> River .
It 's the morning , before the game .
The time line is at the top .
By the early days , there are people here and making calls , moving .
It starts the game : silence .
<unk> from France . <unk> of Italy .
<unk> ; people do a quick call and go to the bathroom .
Second time . End of time .
First time extra , second .
<unk> , and at a moment , the <unk> .
Make Italy , yeah !
That night they all went to celebrate the center .
There you see the great peak .
The next day , they all went into the center of the winning team and the prime minister .
And then everybody went down .
You see the image of the site called <unk> , where , from the Roman time , people will celebrate ; it 's a great party , you can see the peak at the end of the day .
This is just an example of how you can measure the pulse of the city in a way that we would n't have been able to do a few years ago .
Another quick example of detection : it 's not about people , but things we use and we consume .
Today , we know everything about the provenance of our objects .
This is a map that shows all the chips that make up a Mac , how you assemble it .
But we know very little about where things go .
So in this project , we developed some small tags to track the trash on its shift by the system .
We started with some volunteers who helped us in Seattle a little bit more than a year ago , to tag what they were shedding ; different kinds of things , as you can see , things that I 'm going to do anyway .
Then we put a little chip , a tag on the trash , and then we started <unk> .
These are the results that we have .
From Seattle .
after a week .
With this information , we realized that there are plenty of inefficiencies in the system .
We can do the same with much less energy .
These are data that did n't exist before .
They 're going on complicated things , and there 's a lot of unnecessary transportation .
But the other thing that we think is that if we look at every day that the cup that we <unk> does not disappear , which is still somewhere on the planet .
That if the plastic bottle we dropped a day still is still there .
That if we show that to people , then we can promote some behavior change .
That was the reason for the project .
My colleague at MIT , <unk> <unk> , could tell us a lot more about sensing and a lot of other things that we can do with that , but I wanted to go to the second part we talked about at the beginning , which is push over the environment .
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in <unk> .
It all began with a question of the mayor of the city , who came up and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of use of the water in public spaces , in architecture .
And the question was , how can technology , new technology , join that ?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT , in a workshop , was , imagine that you have a trunk and valves , <unk> valves , <unk> that open and shut down .
It creates like a curtain of water , with pixels of water .
If you go down the pixels , you can write in them , show patterns , images , text .
And when you zoom in , the curtain will open up so that we can pass , as you see in the image .
We introduced this to the mayor of <unk> .
He liked it .
And we had a commission to design the building on the entrance to the campaign .
We call it the Digital Water Survey .
The whole building is made of water .
There 's no windows and windows , but when you 're coming up , it opens up so that you can happen .
The ceiling is also covered in water .
And if there 's a little bit of wind , if you want to minimize the <unk> , it goes down the roof .
Or you can close the building and all architecture disappears , like this case .
Those days there will always be somebody in the winter , when you go down the roof , someone who was there and said , `` Let 's get the building . ''
No , it 's not that they 've been demolished , but when it comes down almost all the architecture is gone .
Here it is working .
You see the people who are going on inside .
And here I 'm myself trying to do n't get wet , the sensors that opens up the water .
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working .
That night was actually even more fun .
All the children of <unk> came to the building because the way we interact with it had changed a little bit .
It was no longer a building that would open to you , but a building that kept making cuts and holes of water , and you had to jump to not get wet .
( <unk> noises ) And for us that was very interesting because as architects , engineers , designers , we always think of how people will give our designs .
But then the reality is always unpredictable .
And that 's the beauty of doing things to interact , that people use .
This is a picture of the building with the pixels , the pixels of water , and of projections on them .
And this is what led us to think about the next project I 'm going to show you .
Imagine that those pixels could start to fly .
Imagine that they could have little helicopters in the air , and that each one had a little pixel that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space .
This is the video .
Imagine a helicopter , like the one that we saw before , moving with others in sync .
We could form this cloud .
It 's kind of a flexible screen like this with a regular configuration in two dimensions .
Or normal , but in three dimensions , where what changes is light , not the position of the pixels .
You can play it with a different type .
Imagine that the screen will appear in different scales and sizes , different types of resolution .
And then all of that could be an underlying cloud cloud that you can zoom in , and go through , and see from very different angles .
This is the real <unk> controlled , going down to form a V , like before .
When the light comes on , you see this . The same thing we saw before .
Imagine each of them controlled by a person .
We can have each pixel with an input coming from people , the movement of the people , etc. , etc .
I want to show you something for the first time .
We 've been working with <unk> <unk> <unk> of the best ballet dancers today , the New York City star and La Scala of <unk> to capture its movement in 3D and use it as entry for the <unk> .
Here we can see dancing dancing .
On the left you see the pixels , you see it in different resolutions .
It 's both 3D digitization in real time as motion capture .
It can break the whole movement .
You can go through the whole path .
And once we have the pixels , we can play with them , with color and movement , with gravity and the rotation .
We want to use this as a possible entry for <unk> .
I wanted to show you the last project that we 're working on .
It 's something for the London Olympics .
It 's called the Cloud .
And the idea is , imagine again , that we could get people involved in order to do something and change our environment , like a <unk> farm like the breeding of the barn , but with a cloud .
Imagine that we could make all of them as a little bit for a pixel .
And what I think has happened in the last few years is that , in the last two decades , we went from the physical world to the digital world .
We 've digitized everything , like knowledge , and it 's accessible to the Internet .
Today , for the first time -- and the Obama campaign we 're going to <unk> , we can move from the digital world , the <unk> power of networks , the physical world .
In our case , this may we want to use it to design and make a symbol .
That would mean something built in a city .
But tomorrow can be to address today 's challenges : think about climate change or CO2 emissions . How do we go from the digital world to the physical world ?
The idea is that we can make people involved in doing this together , collectively .
The cloud is a cloud , again , made of pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a cloud of particles .
And those particles are water , while in our cloud are pixels .
It 's a physical structure in London , but it 's covered with pixels .
You can move inside , have different experiences .
You can see from the bottom , it will serve for sharing the main moments of the 2012 2012 , and even more , and it can be used as a form of connection to the community .
So it 's so much a physical cloud of the sky as something that you can go up , like a new top of London .
You can get into there .
As if it was a new digital headlight at night , but the most important thing is to be a new experience for anybody to go to the top .
Thank you .
Would you like to be better than what they are ?
Suppose I told you that , with only some changes in your genes , they might be able to improve the memory -- for a more accurate , more accurate , faster .
Or maybe you 'd like to be better , to be stronger , to have more resistance .
Would you like to be more attractive and more confident ?
What about living more with good health ?
Or maybe those people who always wanted to be more creative .
What else would you like ?
What would you like , if you could choose something ?
( Audience Member : Creativity ) Creativity .
How many people would do creativity ?
Hands up . Let me see .
A few . It probably was owe to the number of creative people present .
That 's very good .
How many would you pick memory ?
A few more .
And the physical state ?
A little less .
How about longevity ?
Oh , most of them . That makes me feel very well as a doctor .
If you could have something of this , the world would be very different .
Is it just imagination ?
Or maybe possible ?
Evolution has been a <unk> theme here at the TED Conference , but today I want to give you a look at a doctor on the subject .
The great geneticist of the 20th century , <unk> . <unk> , that also <unk> in the Church of <unk> <unk> , wrote a <unk> titled `` No biology makes sense except for evolution of Evolution . ''
But if you actually accept biological evolution , consider this : it 's just about the past , or the future ?
Does it refers to others or us ?
This is another look at the tree of life .
The human part of this branch , well at one end , is , of course , the more we 're interested in .
<unk> of a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago .
In the interval there have been perhaps 20 different species of hominids .
Some of them have gone and back .
We 've been here about <unk> years .
It might seem to be very far from other parts of this tree of life , but actually , mostly the basic machinery of our cells is more or less the same .
Do you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of human insulin that 's used to treat diabetes ?
This is not like human insulin , but it 's the same protein , chemically indistinguishable from which it comes out of the pancreas .
And talking about bacteria -- do you realize that we all carry on the smaller intestine than the cells that we have in the rest of the body ?
Maybe 10 times .
I mean , think -- when Antonio Damasio asks them about the <unk> -- think about bacteria ?
The gut is a beautifully hospitable environment for those bacteria .
It 's warm , dark , wet , it 's very welcoming .
And we 're going to provide all the nutrients that you can want to want without effort to their part .
It 's really like a quick pathway for bacteria with the occasional <unk> disruption .
But by the rest , we 're a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential to our life .
They help digest essential nutrients , and they protect us from certain diseases .
But what lies the future ?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species ?
Or would we want to become something different , something perhaps better adapted to the environment ?
In this vast symphony of the universe , the life on Earth is like a brief compass ; the animal kingdom , as one single , only one and only human life , a little note of grace .
That was us .
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk , so I hope they 've enjoyed it .
When I just went back to college , I had my first class of biology .
I was fascinated by elegance and the beauty of biology .
I fell in love with the power of evolution , and I realized something fundamental : in most of the existence of life , in the single-celled organisms , each cell , every single cell , divide and all the genetic energy in that cell is transmitted to the two daughters .
But when the multicellular organisms appear to change .
It goes into sexual reproduction .
And something very important : with the emergence of sexual reproduction that passes the genome , the rest of the body becomes <unk> .
In fact , you could say that the inevitability of death of the body comes in evolution at the same moment of sexual reproduction .
I have to make a confession that when I was a college student , I was thinking , well , <unk> , <unk> , death death -- it seemed pretty reasonable at that time , but with every year that was happening , she was getting more doubts .
I got to understand the feelings of George Burns , who was still performing Las Vegas in her 90 years .
And one night , somebody hits their hotel door .
He opens the door .
In front of it , it finds a wonderful prosthetic dancer to do .
He looks at it , and he says , `` I 've been looking for a `` Sex soup . ''
`` Okay . '' says George , `` I pick the soup . ''
I realized , as a doctor , who was working for a different goal to the goal of evolution -- not necessarily counterintuitive , just different .
I was trying to preserve the body .
I wanted us to make us healthy .
I wanted to recover health care .
I wanted we were going to live more and more healthy .
Evolution is about going the genome to the next generation , adapting and <unk> generation after generation .
From an evolutionary point of view , you are as <unk> rockets that are designed to send the genetic charge to the next level , and then let us drop into the sea .
I think we all would understand the feeling that Woody Allen when he said , `` I do n't want to get immortality through my work .
I want to do it not dying . ''
Evolution does n't necessarily favors longevity .
Not necessarily the biggest or the strongest or the faster and even the smartest one .
Evolution favors the best adapted creatures to their environment .
That 's the only proof of survival and success .
In the bottom of the ocean , <unk> bacteria that can survive the heat of the <unk> that would produce , if there were fish there , fish brought into vacuum , yet they 've managed to do that a welcoming environment .
So what does this mean , when we look at what 's happening in evolution , and if we come back to think about the place of humans in evolution , and in particular , if we look forward to the next phase , the next phase -- I would argue that there are many possibilities .
The first is not <unk> .
We 've reached a kind of balance .
And the underlying reasoning is that through medicine , first of all , we 've known to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been discarded and cut out of the population .
And secondly , as a species , we 've set up our environment so that they fit into our environment as well as we adapt to it .
And by the way , we migrated , <unk> , and we were so excited that it 's no longer possible to have the necessary isolation for evolution .
A second possibility is that you create an evolution of traditional , natural type , imposed by nature forces .
And the argument here would be : that the gears of evolution roll slowly , but they 're <unk> .
And in terms of isolation , when as a species , distant planets are going to exist to be the isolation and the environmental changes that can produce evolution naturally .
But there 's a third possibility , an attractive , intriguing possibility , intriguing and terrifying .
I call it <unk> , the new evolution , which is not simply natural -- but yaw and selected for us as individuals in the decisions we will .
Now , how could this happen ?
How could we get to do this ?
We first think of the reality that many people today , in some cultures , are making decisions about their offspring .
In some cultures , they are choosing more boys than women .
It 's not necessarily good for society , but it 's what you choose at the individual and family level .
Think of it as well as possible to be able to choose not just the sex of your offspring , but in your own body to make the genetic modifications to cure or prevent diseases .
What if we could make genetic change to eliminate diabetes or Alzheimer 's disease or reduce the risk of cancer ?
Do n't you want to make those changes in your genes ?
If we look at the future that kind of changes will be increasingly possible .
The Human Genome Project started in 1990 and sentenced 13 years .
<unk> billion dollars .
The next year of being finished , in 2004 , I could do the same job for 20 million dollars in three months .
Today , you can get a whole sequence of three base pairs in the human genome at a cost near the $ 20,000 and in a week .
Not so much to make the human genome happen for 1,000 and more and more and more at the reach of all .
These changes come .
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us from themselves , but they 're going to induce immunity against other viruses .
Believe it or there is no experimental trials going on with the flu growing vaccine cells in a tobacco plant .
Can you imagine a good thing that goes out of tobacco ?
That 's reality today and the future is going to become increasingly possible .
Imagine only the other two little changes .
Can the cells change your bodies , but if they could change the cells of their offspring ?
And if you could change the sperm and the eggs , or change the <unk> egg , and give their children a better chance of a healthier life , eliminate diabetes , eliminate the risk of cancer ?
Who does not want kids healthier ?
And then that same analytical technology , that same engine of science that can produce the changes to prevent our diseases is going to allow us to also embrace <unk> <unk> -- a better memory .
Why do n't you have the ingenuity of a Ken Jennings above everything if you were able to hang on with the next generation of computer Watson ?
Why do n't we have a <unk> muscle that allowed us to run faster and faster ?
Why do n't we live longer ?
This is going to be compelling .
And when we 're in conditions of pass this to the next generation and we can adopt the attributes that we wanted to become evolution of before in the <unk> .
We 're going to take a process that normally could take 100,000 years , and we can compress it down to 1,000 years , and maybe it would happen within the next 100 years .
These are choices that their grandchildren , or the grandchildren of their grandchildren , are going to have to be in front of them .
Are we going to use these options for a better , more successful , more successful , more successful , better society ?
Or are we going to selectively choose different attributes that we want for some of us but not for others ?
Are we going to build a society that 's more boring and more uniform or more robust and more maneuverable ?
This is the kind of question we 're going to have to face .
And most profound of all : are we going to be able to develop wisdom and inherit the wisdom necessary to make these decisions wisely ?
For good or for bad , and before what you might think of , these choices are going to depend on us .
Thank you .
Imagine a big blast when you 're at <unk> feet .
Imagine a plane filled with smoke .
Imagine an engine doing <unk> , <unk> , <unk> .
<unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> . It sounds terrifying .
Well , I had a single seat that day . He was sitting in the <unk> .
It was the only one I could talk with flight assistants .
So she immediately looked at them , and they said , `` There 's no problem . We probably hit some birds . ''
The pilot had gone down the plane , and we were n't so far away .
Manhattan could be seen .
Two minutes later , three things happened at the same time .
The pilot <unk> the plane with the Hudson River .
It 's usually that way .
<unk> the engines .
Imagine being on an airplane and without noises .
And then he said three words .
The three words I 've ever heard of .
He said , `` <unk> for the impact . ''
I did n't have to talk more to the flight assistant .
I could see it in his eyes .
It was terror . Life ended .
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself that day .
I learned that everything changes in a moment .
We have this list of things to do before they die , these things that we want to do in life , and I thought all the people I wanted to get to , and I did n't , all the fences I 've wanted to do , all the experiences I 've wanted to have and I never had .
While I was thinking about that later , I came up with a phrase , which is , `` collect <unk> . ''
Because if the wine is ready and the person is there , I 'm going to open it up .
I do n't want to do anything in life .
And that urgency , that purpose , really changed my life .
The second thing that I learned that day -- and this is as I <unk> the George Washington Bridge , which was n't very much -- I thought , wow , I 'm really sorry .
I 've lived a good life .
In my humanity , and my mistakes I 've been trying to improve everything I did .
But in my humanity , I also give place to my ego .
And I 'm sorry the time I wasted in things that did n't matter with people who matter .
And I thought about my relationship with my wife , with my friends , with people .
And then , as I did that , I decided to remove the negative energy of my life .
It 's not perfect , but it 's much better .
In two years I have n't had a fight with my wife .
It feels about wonders .
I 'm no longer trying to be right ; let me be happy .
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock goes down , `` 15 , 14 , 13 . ''
You see the water <unk> .
I 'm saying , `` Please fly . ''
I do n't want this to break into 20 pieces as you see in those documentaries .
And as I <unk> , I had the feeling of , wow , die is not afraid .
It 's almost like we 've been doing it for all of our life .
But it was very sad .
I did n't want to go ; I love my life .
And that sadness becomes a single thought , which is , just desire one thing .
I wish I could see my kids grow .
One month later , I was in a performance of my daughter -- first grade , not a lot of artistic talent -- -- still . And I scream , cry , like a little .
And for me , that was the whole reason of being the world .
At that point , I understood , by connecting those two points , that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great parent .
For all , the only goal I have in life is to be a good parent .
I was awarded a miracle , not dying that day .
And I was given another gift , which was the possibility of looking at the future and come back and live otherwise .
You 're flying around today , the challenge you imagine that the same thing happens to you in your airplane -- and please do n't -- but imagine , and how would it change ?
What would you do , you 're still expecting to do because they think they 're going to live forever ?
How would your relationships change and the negative energy in them ?
And most importantly , are the best parents who can ?
Thank you .
I 've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects .
But the most cool thing I worked on was this guy .
The guy 's called <unk> .
<unk> was one of the most important <unk> in the '80s .
And one day he came to his house after running and said , `` Dad , I feel texting on your legs . ''
And that was the beginning of ALS .
Today , it has total paralysis .
You can only use your eyes .
Her work influenced me .
I have a design company and animation , so obviously , the graffiti is something we admire and respect in the art world .
So we decided we were going to fund Tony , <unk> , and his cause .
So I went and met his brother and father and said , `` Let 's give you this money .
What are you going to do with him ? ''
And his brother said , `` I just want to be able to talk to Tony again .
I just want to be able to communicate with him , and he 's able to communicate with me . ''
And I said , `` A second , not that you saw Stephen <unk> is not that all the people with paralysis can be communicating through those devices ? ''
And he said , `` No , unless you 're important , and you have a very good insurance , you ca n't actually do it .
These devices are not affordable for people . ''
And I said , `` Well , how do they communicate then ? ''
Did you see the movie `` <unk> and the butterfly '' ?
They communicate in that way -- they 're making them <unk> .
I said , `` That 's archaic . How can it be ? ''
So I presented to myself with the only desire to deliver a check , and instead of that signed a check that did n't have the slightest idea of how I was going to cover it .
I committed to his brother and his father there at that moment , `` All right , this is the deal : Tony 's going to talk , `` Tony 's going to talk , '' we 're going to build a machine , and we 're going to find a way to make her art again again .
Because it 's ridiculous that somebody who has both inside it ca n't communicate it . ''
So I talked about a conference a couple months later .
I met these guys called <unk> Research , which have a technology that allows them to project a light on any surface , and then with a laser pointer , draw about that , and register the negative space .
So they go around doing art facilities like this .
All the things that appear , they say , are part of a life cycle .
First of all start with the sex organs , then with the bad words , after the Bush attacks , and at the end , people start doing art .
But there was always a life cycle in their presentations .
And so the journey began .
And about two years later , about a year later , after a lot of organization , and so much of a lot of organization , we had achieved a couple of things .
One , we touch the gates of the insurance companies , and we get a machine to allow them to communicate , a machine like Stephen Hawking .
Which was great .
And , seriously , it 's the most fun thing ; I call it <unk> because when I talk to the guy , you get an email from it , and you say , `` I do n't do it . This guy is fantastic . ''
The other thing we did was bring seven programmers from all the world 's <unk> <unk> to our house .
My wife , kids and I , moved into the garage back and these hackers and programmers and <unk> , took the control of the house .
A lot of our friends thought we were doing something completely stupid , and that when you were <unk> the frames of the walls and they would have graffiti .
But for two weeks , we went to the <unk> of Venice , my son was part , my dog , and we created this .
It 's called <unk> <unk> and you can see the description .
It 's a couple of cheap sun sunglasses that we bought at the marine ride from Venice Beach , some of the copper wire and things of <unk> and Radio Shack .
We took a <unk> camera , we opened it up , we put it on a light light , and there 's now a device that 's free for free -- and it builds yourself ; we publish the software is low for free .
And we created a device that has no limitation at all .
There 's no insurance company to say , `` No . ''
There 's no hospital I can say , `` No . ''
Any person with paralysis today has access to draw and communicate using only their eyes .
Thank you .
Thank you very much . That was awesome .
So at the end of the two weeks , we went back to the <unk> room .
I love this picture because this is the room of another person , and that 's his room .
There was this whole <unk> and <unk> during the big opening .
And after more than a year of planning , two weeks of programming , intense sessions from all night , Tony went back to draw for the first time seven years .
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of his life and it 's looking through the support system of his life .
We ran the bed so that I could see .
And we put a projector on a wall park outside the hospital .
And he went back to the first time in front of his family and friends -- and you can imagine what the feeling was in the parking lot .
The funny thing was that we had to break down in the parking lot , so we feel like we were looking at graffiti as well .
At the end of this , he sent us an email and this was what was saying to us , `` This was the first time I was drawing in seven years .
I felt like I 'd been underwater and somebody finally came to me and get me out of it so I could breathe . ''
Is n't it wonderful ?
In a way , that 's our cry of war .
That 's what keeps us moving , developing .
And we have a long way to go with this .
It 's a great device , but it 's the equivalent of a rendering .
Someone with this artistic potential deserves a lot more .
That 's why we 're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and make it more fast .
Since then , we 've had all kinds of recognition .
We 've gained a lot of prizes .
Remember , it 's free ; none of us is making money with this .
Everything comes out of our own pockets .
prizes were the guy , `` Oh , this is fantastic . ''
Armstrong tweeted something about us , and then in December , Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 best inventions in 2010 , and it was really great .
The best of all of this -- and this is what ends up from closing the <unk> is that in April of this year in the MOCA of Los Angeles , there is going to be an exhibition called `` Art in <unk> . ''
And `` Art in <unk> '' is going to have the best <unk> of <unk> urban art , <unk> <unk> , <unk> all of them are going to be there .
It 's going to be on the show , which is pretty impressive .
So , basically this is my idea : if you see something that 's not possible , do it possible .
None of the things that there is in this room was possible -- the computer , the computer , the microphone , <unk> nothing was possible at some point .
Make it possible -- anything in this room .
I 'm not a programmer , I never did anything with eye recognition technology , and I simply recognized something , and I 'd come back with wonderful people to be able to make it happen .
And these are the questions that I want everybody to do every day when we find something that we feel like we have to do . If it 's not now , when ? And if I 'm not me , who ?
Thank you guys .
I 've spent the last few years ago in situations often very difficult and as dangerous as dangerous .
I went to jail .
I worked in a coal mine -- dangerous .
Film Film zones -- hard and dangerous .
And I spent 30 days eating only this -- fun at the beginning , something hard in the middle , very dangerous at the end .
In fact , in a large part of my career , I 've been tracking myself in situations in horrible appearance with the only goal to try and look at social issues of ways that comes out attractive , interesting , and hopefully analyzing them in a way that look useful and accessible to the audience .
So when I knew I 'd come here to make a TEDTalk on the world of the brands , and the patronage wanted to do something a little bit different .
So some of you may have heard , or not , a couple of weeks ago , I took an warning in <unk> .
And I sent some messages on Facebook , some on Twitter , I volunteered for the rights of my TEDTalk .
And what was the next thing was : `` Well , you know , you know , you know , you know , your TEDTalk is that you have no idea what it is about and according to content , especially if I put it into ridicule of you or your company in doing it .
But that said , it 's a very good media opportunity . ''
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks ?
A lot .
It 's a degree in progress , by the way .
So even with that <unk> knew that someone was going to buy the rights of the name .
If you had asked him a year ago , I would n't have been able to tell you , absolutely .
But in the new film I 'm working on , we tested the marketing world , advertising .
And as I said earlier , I 've been involved in horrible situations in the last few years , but nothing could be prepared me , and nothing could happen , for something that 's so difficult or as dangerous as entering the rooms with these guys .
You see , I had this idea for a movie .
Morgan <unk> : I want to make a film that tried to be about products , marketing and advertising , and that all the film was saved with <unk> , marketing and advertising .
The movie is going to call `` The biggest film ever . ''
What happens in `` The largest '' `` The largest film ever sold '' is that everything from top to the bottom , from beginning to end , has brand images , all the time , from the <unk> that appears before the title , the X mark .
Now this brand , <unk> House , <unk> Center ...
These people were hitting the film in perpetuity , forever .
And so the film is exploring this whole idea . ( Michael <unk> : It 's redundant . '' That 's what ? ( MK : It 's redundant .
I 'm a Person . ( MK : I 'm just saying it .
It was `` A forever . '' forever . ''
But we 're not just going to have the X-ray sponsor in the title , but we 're going to make sure all the categories that we could in the film .
Maybe we sell a shoe , and it becomes the most cool shoe that you 've used ...
The biggest car that you 've driven in `` The largest film ever on , '' the best drink that you had to have , `` The biggest ever before you were on the largest . ''
<unk> <unk> : The idea is , well , in addition to showing the brands as part of life , making them <unk> the film ? ( MS : Make it <unk> the film . ) MS : And we actually show the whole process of how it works .
The goal of the film is complete transparency .
You 're going to see the whole process in this film .
That 's the whole idea , the whole film , from beginning to end .
And I would love to help us help make it happen .
Robert Friedman : You know , it 's funny because it 's the first time I hear that ; it 's the ultimate respect for the audience .
<unk> : However , I do n't know how responsive people are going to be .
<unk> : You 've got a perspective -- I do n't know if `` angle angle '' is very <unk> , but you know how it 's going to resonate ? ( MS : No idea . David <unk> : How much money do you need to do this ?
MS : A million and a half million . ( Video : Okay . ) John Kamen : I think it 's going to be hard to the meeting with them , but it certainly is going to be worth <unk> to a couple of big brands .
<unk> : Who knows , maybe for the moment that comes out of the film , let 's look at us as a lot of merry joy .
MS : What do you think is going to be the answer ?
Stuart <unk> : Most of the answers will be no .
MS : But it 's going to be hard to sell it , by film or so ?
JK : Both things .
MS : That means you 're not very optimistic .
So , help me ? I need help .
MK : I can help .
MS : All right . ( MK : Okay . ) Awesome .
MK : We have to think about what brands .
MS : Yes . ( MK : That 's the challenge ) When you look at the people you have to deal with ...
MK : We have some places to go . ( MS : Okay . ) <unk> the camera .
MS : So , I thought , `` switch off the camera , '' meant we have a conversation outside .
<unk> the camera means `` We do n't want to know anything about your movie . ''
MS : And so it was , one of these companies suddenly disappeared .
None of them wanted to have nothing to do with this film .
I was surprised .
They did n't want to know anything about this project .
And I was very impressed ; I thought that the concept of advertising was to present the product to as many people as possible , to make so many people as possible .
Especially in the world today is this intersection of new media and old media scenario , and the stage of the mass media scenario , is n't the idea to tell you with that new vehicle worth that is going to bring the message to the masses ?
No , that 's what I thought .
But the problem was , you see , that my idea had a <unk> error and that mistake was this .
Actually , no , there was no mistake .
There was no mistake at all .
This would have been fine .
But the problem was what this image represents .
See , when you 're looking for pictures of Google 's Google -- this is one of the first images that appear .
I like to roll , make Sergey Brin . No .
This was the problem : transparency -- free of simulation or deception -- easily detected , or seen ; it easily understandable -- which is characterized by the visibility or access of information , especially in business practices -- being the last line , maybe the biggest line is the biggest line .
You see , we hear a lot about transparency in these days .
Our politicians name the name , the president the claims , even the CEOs name it .
But all of a sudden when it comes to make something change suddenly .
But why ? Well , transparency are afraid -- like that weird bear that still continues .
It 's unpredictable -- like this weird rural path .
And it 's also very risky .
What else is it risky ?
I had a whole bowl of <unk> <unk> .
That 's very risky .
When I started talking to companies and tell you that we wanted to tell this story , and they said , `` No , we want them to tell a story .
We want to tell a story , but tell me to make a story . ''
See , when I was a kid , and my father caught me in some lie -- and there he is staring at me , said , `` Son , there are three sides in every story .
There is your story , there 's my story , and it 's the real story . ''
As you see , in this film , we wanted to tell the real story .
But with only one company , a agency wanting to help me -- and that 's only because I knew John Bond , and Richard <unk> in many years -- I realized I would have to go on my own , I would have to take a proxy and go to the companies myself .
So what I started to see is suddenly -- which I started to give me is that when you start talking to corporations , the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem .
MS : I have friends who make large , huge , giant , giant films that make small films , independent , like mine .
And my friends who make large Hollywood movies , giant , said that the reason their movies are so successful because of the brands that they have .
And then my friends who make independent films say , `` Well , how are we supposed to compete with these big , giant Hollywood movies ? ''
And the movie is called `` The largest film ever sold . ''
How are we going to look specifically on the know-how in the movie ?
Every time I 'm going to go out , every time I open my <unk> , you 'll see my deodorant .
Any moment during an interview with someone I can say , `` Are you cool for this interview ? ''
Are you ready ? You see a little bit nervous .
I want to help you with you .
Maybe you should get a little bit of this before the interview . ''
And then it would offer one of these great <unk> .
Both `` <unk> '' like `` <unk> of paradise '' is going to have their opportunity .
We 're going to have so much for man as a woman -- solid , <unk> , on a bar , whatever .
That 's the general look .
Now I can answer your questions and give them a look at them .
Karen Frank : We 're a small brand .
It 's similar to the kind of little movies that you 've ever made ; we are rather a rival brand .
So we do n't have the budget that have other brands .
So doing things like that , you know , to remind yourselves know , the reason that we 're interested in .
MS : What words would you use to describe to anybody else ?
Ki-moon is in white .
KF : That 's a big question .
Woman : superior tech .
MS : Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you want to describe in the <unk> .
Man : We talk about something bold , cool .
I think that `` cool '' is a great word that really puts this category in positive versus `` combat <unk> and sweat . ''
You keep it cool .
How do we keep ourselves fresh ? With better freshness , more freshness , three times cooler .
Things like those to highlight the benefits .
MS : And that 's a <unk> company .
What about me ? What about a common type ?
I need to talk to the man in the street , the people like me , to the regular <unk> .
They have to talk about my brand .
MS : How do define you your brand ?
Man : Hmm my brand ?
I do n't know .
I like the good clothes .
Woman : revive the 80 , punk rock . ' unless it 's the laundry .
MS : Okay , what is the <unk> brand ?
<unk> : One single thing . ( MS : Only ) Man : I guess the kind of gender , the style I have would be like a dark <unk> .
I like the dark colors , many gray and things like that .
Usually I 'm wearing accessories like sunglasses , or I like the crystals and the same .
Woman : If Dan were a brand could be a classic <unk> , my Mercedes Benz .
Man 2 : The brand I 'm , I call it casual casual .
Woman 2 : In part of a hippie , partly <unk> , partly <unk> Brooklyn , I do n't know .
Man 3 : I 'm the pet guy .
They 're making toys from the country and the world .
So I guess that 's my brand .
In my little sector , that 's my brand .
Man 4 : My brand is FedEx because they deliver the commodities .
Man 5 : The Nation <unk> failure .
Is that something ?
<unk> : I 'm a lawyer .
Tom : I 'm Tom .
MS : Well , we ca n't all be Tom Tom , but often I 'm going to be interested in the intersection of dark <unk> and casual casual .
I realized I needed an expert .
I needed somebody who could go into my head , someone who could help me understand what they call `` personality personality . ''
And I found a company called Olson <unk> in Pittsburgh .
They helped companies like <unk> , <unk> , Hallmark to discovering that personality personality .
If they were able to do it for them , they could probably do it for me .
<unk> : <unk> the photos , right ?
MS : Yes . The first photo is a family photo .
A : Tell me a little bit about how you relate to your thoughts and feelings your way to be .
MS : These people shape my way to see the world .
A : Tell me about that world .
MS : That world ? I think your world is the world that you live in -- like the people around you , your friends , your family , the way you live your life , the work you do .
All of those things come from and start in a place and in my case come from and start in my family , in West Virginia .
A : What is the next one you want to talk about ?
MS : The next one is `` This was the best day of my life . ''
A : How does this relate to your thoughts , feelings and your way ?
MS : It 's like who I want to be .
I like different things .
I like weird things . I like weird things .
A : Tell me about why , why do you do that ?
What 's the machete ? What is the <unk> now you find ?
Why is it important to reboot ? What is the red ?
Tell me a little bit about that .
... slightly more of you , which is not who you are .
What other <unk> have you had ?
You do n't have to fear . What kind of Russian rollercoaster are you ?
MS : <unk> ! ( One : Thank you . ) No , thank you .
One : Thank you for your patience . ( MS : Great job ) A : Yes . ( MS : Thank you very much . ) Okay .
MS : Yes , I do n't know what 's going to come out of this .
There was a lot of madness all over this .
<unk> <unk> : The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides , but complementary , in your brand personality , brand Morgan 's brand is a <unk> brand .
They got very well together .
And I think there 's almost a paradox in them .
And I think that some companies will only get into one of their strong spots or the other instead of focus on both of them .
A lot of companies tend to -- and it 's the nature of us to avoid the things that they 're not safe , and avoid fear , those elements , and you 're actually helping them , and you make it all positive for you , and it 's nice to see that .
What other brands are you ?
The first here is the classic , Apple .
And you can also see here in Target , Wii , Mini from Mini <unk> and <unk> .
Now there are playful brands and brands conscious , those things that have gone and come , but a <unk> brand is quite powerful .
MS : A <unk> brand . What is your brand ?
If someone asks you to give your identity your brand , your personality personality , what would it be ?
Are you a bottom-up attribute ? Are you somebody who makes blood flow ?
Or are you rather a top-down attribute ?
A little colder , reserved , conservative ?
The ascending attributes are like being playful to be cool like the Prince , contemporary , adventurous , bold or bold , <unk> <unk> , fast or agile , profane , magical or mystic like <unk> .
Or are you more right about descending attribute ?
You 're conscious , sophisticated like <unk> ?
Are you a established , traditional , provider , protector ? Do you say Oprah ?
Are you reliable , stable , familiar , reliable , confident , sacred , contemplative , or wise , like the Dalai Lama or <unk> ?
In the course of this film , we had over 500 companies and ascending and descending ones , who said , `` No , '' they did n't want to be part of this project .
They did n't want to have anything to do with this film , mainly because they would n't have control , would n't have control over the end product .
They allowed us to tell the story of the <unk> , and we got to tell the story about this movie of how they now use MRI centers to identify the desire centers in the brain both for commercial marketing .
We went to San Paulo where we 've banned advertising outdoors .
Throughout the city over the last five years , there 's no fences , there 's no posters , there 's nothing .
And we went to school districts where companies are going on way in schools with liquidity problems in America .
And the amazing thing to me is that the projects that I 've had the biggest answer or the one that I 've been interested in is the ones that I 've interacted with .
And that 's what these brands made .
<unk> to the <unk> , they took off their agencies , and they said maybe these agencies do n't have my best interest in mind .
I 'm going to treat directly with the artist .
I 'm going to work with him to create something different , something that 's going to do to think about people , who will challenge the way we look at the world .
And how do you go ? Did they succeed ?
Well , since the film was released in the Sundance Festival , let 's take a look .
According to <unk> the film was released in January , and since then -- and this is not <unk> , we 've had 900 million media impressions for this film .
This covers only a period of two and a half weeks .
That 's just online -- no press , no TV .
The movie is still not <unk> .
It 's not yet online . It 's not in <unk> .
It 's not even presented in other countries yet .
Ultimately , this movie has begun to gain momentum .
And it 's not bad , because almost all the agencies that we speak to their clients is not to be part .
I 've always believed that if you risk them , if you take risks , that in those risks there are opportunities .
I think when you get people out of that , they 're pushing them to failure .
I think that when you train your employees at risk is preparing your whole company for being a reward .
I feel that what has to happen to move forward is that we have to encourage people to take risk .
We have to encourage people to not be afraid of the opportunities that they can afford .
Ultimately , I think we have to give it to fear .
We have to put that bear in a cage .
<unk> fear . <unk> risk .
From a <unk> at the time , we have to embrace risk .
And ultimately , we have to house transparency .
Today more than not a little bit of honesty is going to go a long way .
And I said this , with honesty and transparency , all my talk `` <unk> '' has been presented by my good friends of <unk> who for $ 4 's rights to <unk> .
<unk> : We have great data in great opportunities for companies around the world .
<unk> presents the Transparency .
Thank you very much .
June Cohen : So , Morgan , in the name of transparency , which happened exactly with those dollars ' dollars ?
MS : It 's an exceptional question .
In my pocket , I have a check at the name of the matrix of TED matrix , the Sapling Foundation , a check for me to be applied to my own TED assistance for the next year .
The idea behind computer worm is actually very simple .
We do n't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb .
Their biggest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the <unk> <unk> plant in <unk> .
The gray boxes that you see are control systems in real time .
If we managed to engage these systems that control speeds and valves , we can cause a lot of problems with the centrifuge .
The gray boxes do n't use Windows software ; it 's a completely different technology .
But if we can put an effective virus to Windows in a portable computer used by an engineer to set up this gray box , then we 're ready .
This is the plan behind Stuxnet .
We started with Windows Windows .
The <unk> enters the gray box , damages the centrifuge , and the Iranian nuclear program is taken ; mission accomplished .
It 's easy , huh ?
I want to tell you how we discovered this .
When we started research on Stuxnet six months ago , the purpose was completely unknown .
The only thing I knew is that it 's very , very complex at the Windows part : The <unk> used multiple vulnerabilities , <unk> .
It seemed like wanting to do something with these gray boxes , these control systems .
And that struck us , and we started an experiment where we infect our environment with Stuxnet and saw what happened to this .
And so they spent very strange things .
Stuxnet did like a laboratory rat like a laboratory rat that did n't like our cheese : it smelled , but I did n't want to eat .
It did n't make sense for me .
And then to experiment with different cheese tastes , I realized , and I thought , this is a addressed attack .
It 's completely addressed . ''
The <unk> is actively seeking in the gray box if it finds a specific configuration , and even if the program that 's trying to infect is actually working at that place .
If no , Stuxnet does nothing .
So that I called my attention , and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day , because I thought , `` We do n't know what the goal is . ''
It could be , let 's say , for example , a U.S. energy plant , or a chemical plant in Germany .
Better than we 're going to have a goal soon .
So we pulled out and put the code out of the attack , and we found that I was structured in two digital bombs : a small , big one .
We also saw that they were very professionally armed by people who obviously had all the internal information .
I 'll get all the points to attack .
You probably even know how much matches the operator .
So you know everything .
And if you 've heard that the <unk> of Stuxnet is complex and high-tech , let me tell you , the payload is very complex .
It 's very much above all that we 've seen before .
Here 's a sample of this attack code .
We 're talking about 15 thousand lines of code .
It looks pretty much like the old language .
I want to tell you how we could make sense of this code .
What we were looking at first were calls into the system 's functions , because we know what they do .
And then we were looking for <unk> and data structures and we were trying to <unk> them with the real world , with potential targets in the real world .
We need theories about recipients that we could approve of or <unk> .
To get to theories about goals , we remember that it 's definitely a violent pimp , it must be a valuable white woman , and it 's probably located in Iran , because it 's where most infections has been completed .
It 's not several thousands of goals in that area .
It basically boils down to the nuclear energy plant of <unk> and the plant <unk> plant .
And so I said to my assistant , `` Let 's take a list of all the experts in <unk> and power plants between our clients . ''
I called them , and I consulted them in an effort for <unk> their experience with what we found in code and data .
And it worked pretty well .
So we were able to associate the little digital <unk> with the control of rotor .
This is a mobile part in the centrifuge , that black object you see .
If you run the speed of this rotor here , you certainly can get it and even make the centrifuge explode .
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was so slow and <unk> in an obvious effort to go back to the maintenance engineers , so they could n't solve this quickly .
We tried to figure out the big digital <unk> by looking very close to the data and their structures .
So , for example , the <unk> number shows up in that code , you ca n't get it .
I started studying scientific literature about how these <unk> are built in <unk> and found that they 're structured in what 's called a waterfall , and every waterfall contains <unk> <unk> .
That made sense , there was a coincidence .
And it got better even better .
These <unk> in Iran are divided into 15 parts called stages .
And guess what do we find in the attack code ?
It 's almost identical to almost identical .
So again , that was a good coincidence .
This gave us a lot of trust to understand what we had between hands .
For no misunderstanding , I was n't .
The results have been taken after several weeks of hard work .
It 's routinely <unk> in dead ends , and we had to start back .
And yet , we discovered that both digital warheads would come to one and same goal , but from different angles .
The small <unk> is taking a waterfall , and making the roadable and <unk> , and the big <unk> communicate with six waterfalls and manipulating valves .
In sum , we 're very confident that we 've determined what the recipient is .
It 's <unk> , and it 's just <unk> .
We should n't worry that other goals are going to be made by Stuxnet .
Here 's some very interesting things that we saw , really struck me .
There 's the gray box , and it 's the top gray box .
What this thing does is it is <unk> the input values of sensors for example , of pressure sensors and vibration sensors and provides legitimate code , which is still running during the attack , with fake input data .
And believe it or not , these fake input data are <unk> by Stuxnet .
It 's like in Hollywood movies where , during theft , the security chamber fed from <unk> video .
That 's great ?
The idea here is obviously not just <unk> the operators in the room room .
It 's really much more dangerous and aggressive .
The idea is a digital security system .
We need digital security systems where a human operator could not act fast .
For example , in a energy plant , when the big steam turbine goes out of speed , you have to open escape valves in a millisecond .
Obviously , this ca n't make it a human operator .
That 's where we need digital security systems .
And when they 're engaged , then you can get bad things .
The plant can explode .
And neither of the <unk> or the security system will notice it .
That scares me .
But it can be worse .
What I 'm going to say is really important .
Think about this . This attack is generic .
It has nothing to do , specifically , with <unk> , with uranium <unk> .
It could work as well , for example , in a car plant , or in a automotive factory .
It 's generic .
And you do n't have -- as an attacker , that disseminate this load with a USB key , as we saw in the case of Stuxnet .
You could also use <unk> , <unk> technology .
<unk> as possible .
And if you made that , with what <unk> is with a <unk> of mass destruction .
That 's the consequence that we have to face .
Unfortunately , the biggest number of goals for such attacks is not in the Middle East .
It 's in the United States and in Japan .
All of the green areas are spaces with large numbers of goals .
We 've got to face the consequences , and we 've got to get better at all .
Thank you .
Chris Anderson : I have a question .
Ralph , it 's been done in many sides that people assume that <unk> is the main entity behind this .
What 's your opinion ?
Ralph <unk> : Okay , you really want to hear this ?
Okay . Okay .
My view is that the <unk> is involved , but the engine is not Israel .
The engine behind this is cyber superpower .
There is one , and that 's the United States , fortunately , fortunately .
Because in another way , our problems would be even bigger .
CA : Thank you for <unk> . Thank you , Ralph .
I want you to imagine a robot that can be able to take and give birth skills , or another one that makes chairs from wheelchair put up and go to walk .
In `` <unk> <unk> '' we call these robots , exoskeletons .
They 're not anything different from something you put in the morning , it gives you a big force , which is also increasing its speed , and helps it , for example , to handle the balance .
It 's actually the true integration of man and machine .
But not only that -- it can integrate it and connect it with the universe and with other foreign beings .
This is not a false idea .
So to show you now in what we 're working on , we started to talk about the American soldier , which , on average , must take on their back , a <unk> load of 45 pounds , and he 's pushing him to take a lot more equipment .
Obviously this leads to some important complications -- injuries on the back , 30 percent of the soldiers -- with chronic damage to the back .
We decided to contemplate this challenge and create a exoskeleton that could help manage the issue .
Let me introduce you to the <unk> -- or <unk> Human Rights .
Soldier : With the <unk> exoskeleton , I can carry around 90 kilos of variables over many hours .
Their flexible design , it allows you to get a lot of crawling and execute it with great agility .
I want to see what I want to do , or where I want to go , and then it increases my strength and my resistance .
<unk> <unk> : We 're ready , with our industrial partner to produce this device , this new exoskeleton , this year .
I mean , it 's a reality .
Let 's go back to the users of wheelchair chairs , about what I feel particularly passionate about .
There are 68 million people in roughly , in wheelchair chairs , all over the world .
Like one percent of the total population .
And this is a really conservative calculation .
We talk about something that happens often , very young people , with damage to the spinal cord as they start their life -- at 20 , 30 or 40 years -- they collide against a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only option .
We also talk about the population that you 're older than rapidly multiply .
Her only option , many times -- by a brain injury or some other complication -- it 's the wheelchair .
And this has been that over the last 500 years , from its successful emergence , as I must recognize .
So we decided to start by writing a new chapter about mobility .
Let me introduce you to the <unk> that 's using Amanda <unk> who was 19 years ago , had a spinal cord injury , and as a result he could n't walk back 19 years , so far .
Amanda <unk> : Thank you .
EB : Amanda is using Amanda <unk> , which I mentioned .
It has some sensors .
<unk> <unk> on crutches that send signals to the computer on board , here on the back .
There 's also a few batteries that give the motors to the motors , and on the knees , and they make it move forward with this soft , very natural and natural gait .
AB : I was 24 at the top of my life when , by a strange leap in the air , skiing in the air , skiing in the bottom .
In a fraction of a second , I lost all sensation and all the motion of the pelvis .
Shortly after , a doctor entered my room in the hospital , and he said , `` Amanda , you 'll never walk you . ''
That happened 19 years ago .
So , I stole the last couple of hope of my self .
<unk> technology since then , it 's allowed me to learn to <unk> costs in <unk> , climbing rocks and even riding a handheld bicycle .
But they have n't invented anything that allowed me to walk , so far .
Thank you .
EB : As you can see , we have the technology , we have the platforms to sit down and talk to you .
It 's in our hands , and we have all the potential here to change our lives to future generations -- not just soldiers , but Amanda , and all the users of chairs in wheels , everybody .
AB : Thank you .
I just returned from a community that has the secret of human survival .
It 's a place where women have the baton back , practice sex to say hello , and play is the order of the day -- where fun is serious .
And not , it 's not that <unk> Man or San Francisco .
Ladies and gentlemen , meet your cousins .
This is the world of the wild Bonobos of Congo forests .
The bonobos are , along with the chimpanzees , their closest living relatives .
That means that we all share a common ancestor , an evolutionary grandmother , who lived about six million years ago .
Now the chimps are known for their assault .
But unfortunately , we 've made too much emphasis on this aspect of our narratives of human evolution .
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin .
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by large , terrifying types , the Bonobo 's society is in charge of females with power .
These guys have created something special , because this leads to a very tolerant society where lethal violence is still not observed .
But unfortunately , the bonobos are the least <unk> of the great apes .
They live in the depths of the forest forest , and it 's been very difficult to study them .
The Congo is paradox -- an soil of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty , but also the heart of the <unk> itself -- stage of a violent conflict that has been extended for decades , and caused almost as many deaths as the First World War .
No wonder that this destruction will also put in danger for the survival of the Bonobo .
The hunting for hunting and hunting trade , and the deforestation can not fill in or a stadium with the bonobos , and honestly , we 're not sure about it .
However , in this land of violence and chaos , you can hear the laughter hidden <unk> trees .
Who are these cousins ?
We know them as the apes , `` make love , not war , '' because they have frequent sex , <unk> and bisexual sex to handle conflict and solve social problems .
I 'm not saying that this is the solution to all of the problems of humanity because the lifespan of Bonobos is more than the <unk> <unk> .
By the bonobos , like humans , they love to play throughout their entire life .
Play is not just a game of children .
And for us and for them , the game is fundamental to form links and foster tolerance .
With him we learn to trust , and we learn the rules of play .
Play increases creativity and resilience and has to do with the generation of diversity -- diversity of interactions , diversity of behaviors , diversity of connections .
And when you see the game of the game , you see the evolutionary roots themselves in the laughter , the dance and the ritual .
The game is the glue that binds us .
I do n't know how you play you , but I want to show you a couple only unique videos from the wild .
First , it 's a Bonobo game game , and I 'm not talking about football .
Here we have a female and a young male in a middle of a persecution .
Look what she 's doing .
It could be the evolutionary origin of the sentence : `` He has caught the balls . ''
I just think that in this case he loves it , right ?
Yeah .
So sexual play is common as much as in bonobos .
And this video really is interesting because it shows -- this video really is interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements into play -- like <unk> and also how the game requires trust and promotes trust -- and at the same time it 's the most fun .
But the game is <unk> .
The game is <unk> , you can adopt a lot of ways , some of which are even more <unk> , imaginative , curious -- maybe the place where the awe are .
And I want you to see -- this is <unk> , a young female , who 's playing with water that 's been playing .
I think , as she , sometimes we play alone , and explore the limits of our inner and inner worlds .
And it 's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore , to interact , and then the unexpected connections that we formed is the real water of creativity .
These are just small samples of the understanding that Bonobos give us from our past and present .
But they also have a secret for our future , a future where we have to adapt to a increasingly difficult world and more difficult and more cooperation .
The secret is that the game is the key to these capabilities .
In other words , play is our <unk> of adaptation .
To adapt to success to a world that changes we have to play .
But do we get the maximum game ability ?
The game is not frivolous .
The game is essential .
For bonobos and humans for the same , life is not just cruel and ruthless .
When it looks like the less appropriate thing to play , you can be the moments that it 's most urgent .
That 's why , fellow primates , let 's accept this gift of evolution and play together as we make creativity , friendship and wonder .
Thank you .
In New York , I 'm responsible for a nonprofit organization called Robin Hood .
When I 'm not battling poverty , <unk> fires as a captain 's assistant in a volunteer fire body .
And in our city , where volunteers are concerned with highly skilled staff , you have to get to the fire site very soon to go into action .
I remember my first fire .
I was the second volunteer in the site , so I had a pretty high probability of going .
But still there was a career standing against the other volunteers to get to the captain and figure out what our task was .
When I found the captain , I was <unk> in a conversation with the owner that definitely went through one of the worst days of his life .
We were in full night , she was standing outside in the rain , under an umbrella , in my pajamas , barefoot , while his house was on fire .
The other volunteer I had just got before me , <unk> <unk> <unk> came to the captain , and he asked him to go inside and would save the dog 's owner 's owner .
The dog ! I was <unk> jealous .
There was a lawyer or a <unk> of money that , during the rest of his life , I would have to tell the people who entered a burning building to save a live living , just because I won for five seconds .
Well , I was the next one .
The captain made me a <unk> .
He said , `` Bezos , I need to get in the house .
I need to go up , put it on the fire , and bring this woman to a pair of shoes . ''
I swear .
It was n't exactly what I expected , but I was -- I went up the stairs , at the end of the hallway , went to the <unk> firemen , and that tall , they had finished to turn off the fire and entered the main room for a pair of shoes .
I know what you 're thinking , but I 'm not a hero .
I took my <unk> back on the ladder where I met my <unk> and the lovely dog in the front door .
We got out of the house treasures for the owner of home where , as I was waiting for , his treasure received much more attention than mine .
A few weeks later , the department received a letter from the house owner by the brave effort to save his house .
The kindness she looked at about what she looked for was somebody else had only a pair of shoes .
Both in my calling in Robin Hood , as I was in my calling as a voluntary firefighter , I am witness acts of acts of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale , but also <unk> acts and courage .
And you know what I 've learned ?
Everything has its importance .
So , when I look at this room to people who have been achieved , or they 're on , you know , remarkable levels of success , I 'd like to remind you this : do n't wait .
Do n't wait for the first million to make the difference in someone 's life .
If you have something to give , let 's get it to you now .
We 're eating food in a dining room , <unk> a neighborhood park .
Be mentors .
Not every day , we 're going to have the opportunity to save someone 's lives , but every day we 're going to be able to influence someone 's lives .
So you go to play , I 'll take the shoes out .
Thank you .
Bruno Giussani : Mark , Mark , comes back .
Mark Bezos : Thank you .
This may seem odd , but I 'm a big fan of the concrete block .
The first concrete blocks have built into 1868 1868 with a very simple idea : modules to a fixed measure of a fixed measure fit together .
Very quickly , these became the most used building unit in the world .
They have allowed us to build bigger things than us , like buildings or bridges , a brick at once .
Essentially , these blocks have become the pillars of our time .
Almost a hundred years later , in 1947 , a LEGO came up with this .
I was called the automatic assembly brick .
And in a few years , the bricks of pigs came home all the homes .
It 's estimated that over 400 billion or 75 billion bricks per person on the planet .
You do n't have to be an engineer to build beautiful bridges , buildings or houses .
LEGO made it accessible .
LEGO simply adopted the concrete block , the favorite in the world , and it became a fundamental piece of our imagination .
Meanwhile , exactly that same year , in the Bell labs , the next revolution was about <unk> : the new building block .
The transistor was a small plastic unit that would take us from a world of static bricks attached to each other to a world where everything was interactive .
Like the concrete block , the transistor allows to create much bigger circuits and more complex , a brick at the time .
But there 's a major difference : The transistor was just for experts .
I personally do n't accept it , that the building blocks of our time are reserved for experts , so I decided to change it .
Eight years ago , when I was at the Media Lab , I started exploring the idea of bringing the power from the engineers to the hands of artists and designers .
A few years ago , I started developing <unk> .
I 'm going to show you how they work .
<unk> are electronic modules each with a specific function .
They 're <unk> to be light , sound , motors and sensors .
And the best of all is that they unite together .
So you ca n't put it in a wrong way .
The bricks have a code of color .
The green is the output , the blue is the stream , the rose is the entrance and the orange one is the wire .
So you only have to assemble a blue one with one green one , and you can very quickly begin to make bigger circuits .
A blue with a green one produce light .
We can put a button in the middle and we have a regulator .
If we change the button for a pulse module , which is here , and now we have a light on our hands .
So , you know , it 's timbre to create more impact and we have a noise machine .
I 'm going to stop this .
So beyond the simple game , <unk> are actually very powerful .
Instead of having to program , connect and screw , <unk> allows us to program using very simple intuitive gestures .
To make faster and slower , you just turn this button that makes your pulse that is faster or slower .
The idea behind <unk> is that it 's a growing collection .
We want all the interactions in the world to put them to bricks ready to use .
<unk> , sounds , solar panels , motors ; it must be accessible .
We 've given to children 's kids to play with them .
And it 's been an amazing experience .
The best thing is how you start to understand the electronics of every day that you do n't learn in schools .
For example , how a daylight works , or why the door of an elevator stays open , or how an iPod responds to touch .
We 've also brought it to design schools .
So , for example , designers without expertise , they begin to play with <unk> as a material .
Here you can see , with paper bottles and felt , we have <unk> creating ...
( metal noise ) A few weeks ago we took a couple of weeks to the Rhode Island School of Design , who have no experience in engineering , just in cardboard and wood and paper them and said , `` Make something .
Here 's an example of a project that have done , a <unk> , <unk> cannon .
But wait , here 's my favorite project .
It 's a <unk> <unk> that 's afraid of the darkness .
For these not engineers , <unk> became another material , electronics became another material .
And we want this material to be within reach .
So , <unk> has open source .
You can go on the website , download all the design files and make them apart .
We want to encourage a world of creators , inventors and collaborators , because this world we live in , this interactive world , is our own .
So go ahead and invent .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries .
I work in the solar technology industry .
And my little company is looking for involved with the <unk> environment .
Information collaboration .
This is a little video of what we do .
Uh , wait for a moment .
You can take a little bit to load .
We can -- we can continue better we leave the video on a side side .
No .
This is not ...
All right .
Technology is ...
Oh , you know , my time 's time ?
All right . Thank you very much .
A couple of years ago , I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and technicians to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that you 're supposed to do , and we asked them to work on the government .
The initiative was called <unk> for America , and it would be like some of the <unk> of Peace .
And we 've got a few members every year and we put them working with the municipalities .
Instead of sending them to the Third World , we sent them to the wild world .
They made big apps ; they worked with the city employees .
Your task is to show you the possibilities of technology today .
So meet to look at it .
It 's a fire hydrant in the city of Boston .
Here 's how if I was looking for a quote , but what you 're looking for is that somebody else to clean it when it 's caught up for the snow , because it knows that it 's not very good when it 's covered by a meter of snow .
How did it come to ask for help in this particular way ?
Last year in Boston , we had a team of <unk> for America .
They were there in February , and at that time it was very much last year .
They realized that the city never wiped these fire hydrants .
But one of the members called Erik <unk> noticed something more : that the citizens who are holding with shovels in front of them .
So he did as any good programmer , I developed an app .
It 's a nice application where you can take a fire hydrant .
You accept cleaning up when he <unk> .
By doing so , you put a name on it , in this case he put him in .
If you do n't do it , someone can <unk> .
I mean , it has a playful component .
It 's a modest application .
Maybe it 's the smallest of the 21 application last year .
But it does something that no other technology is achieved .
It extends viral .
A responsible system of systems in Honolulu to see this app realized that it could use it , not for snow , but for the citizens to attract <unk> .
It 's very important that they function these tsunami <unk> , but people were stolen .
That 's why you ask the citizens to control them .
And then Seattle decided to use it to make the citizens cast blindfolded .
And Chicago just showed up to make people go in to clean sidewalks , when they 're going to get them .
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use it .
And this has spread without friction , organic and natural .
If you know some government technology , you know that it does n't usually happen .
The software acquisition usually takes a couple of years .
Last year in Boston , we had a team working on a project that took three people for two and a half months .
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children .
Then we told us that I had done by the normal channels , it would have taken at least two million dollars .
And that 's nothing .
Now there 's a project in the judicial judicial power that the time has cost 2,000 million dollars and does n't work .
And there are projects like this in every level of government .
So an app that 's program on a couple of days and it goes viral is a sort of warning to the institution of the government .
It suggests the best ways of working , not as in private companies , as many people think should be .
Not as a technological company , but rather like the Internet itself .
That is , without constraints , open and generative form .
And that 's important .
But the most important thing about this application is that it represents the way of addressing the question of the government that has the new generation -- not as a problem with an institution , but as a collective action problem .
And that 's very good because it turns out that we 're very good for the collective action with digital technology .
And there 's a very large community of people who are building the tools to work together with efficacy .
And it 's not only <unk> for America , but there are hundreds of people around the country who contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities .
They have n't given up with the government .
They have a big frustration to that , but they do n't complain , we fix it .
And these people know something that we 've lost of view .
And that is that if we leave side from side of the politics , the line in the <unk> -- and all of those other things that you put us crazy , the government is essentially , in the words of Tim <unk> , `` What we do together because we ca n't . ''
Now , many people have abandoned the government .
If you 're one of those people , I would ask you to do it , because things are changing .
The politics does n't change ; the government itself .
And because the government ultimately grows from us -- remember that from `` We , the village , '' so the way it thinks it will affect the way it will make change .
I did n't know a lot of government when I started with this .
And as a lot of people thought the government was to choose people to take charges .
Well , after two years I 've come to the conclusion that the government is , especially , a question of <unk> .
This is the health care center and information center .
It 's the place that serves the phone calls if you mark about 311 in America .
Scott <unk> this call .
He joined `` <unk> '' at the base of official knowledge .
I found nothing . It started with animal control .
And he finally said , `` Hey , can you open up the house door , put it to music and see if you go ? ''
And so it worked . So by Scott .
But that was n't the end of the <unk> .
Boston does n't have a call center .
It has an app , web and mobile , called <unk> <unk> .
We did n't have that application .
It was the work of very smart people from the Office of New Eastern Urbana .
One day , this really happened , it comes to this order : `` I 'm going to put it in my bucket of crap . I do n't know if it 's dead .
How do I do it for you ? ''
The <unk> <unk> dynamics is different .
Scott was speaking in person .
In <unk> <unk> .
In this case , he saw a neighbor .
The next report said , `` I approached it , I found the trash cube behind the house .
<unk> ? Yeah . I lived ? Yes .
I went back the cube . I went home .
Good evening , sweet <unk> . ''
Pretty simple .
This is great . It 's the confluence of the digital and the physical .
And it 's also a great example of the income of the government for distributed voluntary collaboration .
But it 's also a great example of government as a platform .
And here I do n't necessarily mean the definition of platform .
I 'm talking about a platform for people to join and help others .
So a citizen helped another , but here the government had a key role .
connected to the two people .
And it could be connected with government services that we need , but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper alternative than government services .
When one neighbor helps another , I 'm going to bring communities out .
If we call in animals control , that costs a lot of money .
One important thing that we have to think about the government is that it 's not the same as politics .
A lot of people understand it , but they think that you 're the input from the other .
That our entry into the government system is voting .
How many times have you chosen to a political leader ? Sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader , and then we hope that the government reflects our values and to look at our needs , but then we do n't see changes .
That 's because the government is like a huge ocean and the politics is the surface of a <unk> surface .
Underneath that 's what we call bureaucracy .
And we say that word with a lot of contempt .
But it 's that contempt what keeps that that belongs to us that we finance as something that 's operating in our against , that other thing , and as a result , we 're losing power .
People believe that politics is sensual .
If we want this institution to work , we will have to make the bureaucracy be sensual .
Because it 's where the true government work happens .
We need to collaborate with the machinery of government .
That makes the <unk> movement .
Have you seen them ?
It 's a group of citizens worried that they 've written a very detailed report of 325 pages in response to the order of <unk> .
That 's not political activism , it 's bureaucratic activism .
And for those of us that we 've been confronted with the government , it 's time to ask you what world we want to leave our children .
You have to see the enormous challenges that they will have to face .
Do you really think that we will get to where we have to go without solving the institution that can act on behalf of everybody ?
We can not leave with government , we need to be more effective .
The good news is that with technology is possible to rethink the root function so that it can expand strengthening civil society .
There 's a generation that grew up with the Internet , and it knows that it 's not so hard to act <unk> , you just have to articulate the systems in the right way .
The average age of our members is 28 years , so I , reluctantly , I 'm a older generation than many of them .
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted .
They 're not giving that battle that we all face about who 's going to speak ; they 're all going to talk .
They can express their opinions at any channel , and they do it .
So when they face the government problem , they do n't really care so much to do hear their voices .
They 're using your hands .
They bring hands to the work for programming applications that make better work better .
And those applications allow us to use our hands to improve our communities .
It can be cleaning up a fire hydrant , by taking away weeds and dumping a bucket of garbage that has a <unk> inside .
Of course , we could always have cleaned up those fire hydrants and a lot of people .
But these applications are like a digital reminder that we 're not only consumers , we 're not only consumers of government that we pay taxes and get services .
We are more than that : we are citizens .
And we 're not going to fix the government until we do n't care about citizenship .
So I want to ask everybody here , when it comes to the important things that we have to do together , all together , we will be a crowd of voices , or we will also be a crowd of hands ?
Thank you .
This is for me a real honor .
I 've spent most of the time in jails and prisons and death row .
I 've spent most of my life in <unk> communities , in projects and places where there is a lot of despair .
And being here at TED watching and hearing these stimulation has given me a lot of energy .
One of the things I 've noticed in this short time is that TED has identity .
And the things that you say here have impact around the world .
Occasionally , if something comes from TED , it makes a sense and a force that would n't have otherwise .
I mean this because I think identity is really important .
Here we 've seen fantastic presentations .
And I think we 've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense , but if they are taught with feeling , they can have a special meaning .
A doctor can do good things , if it 's <unk> , can get a lot more .
So I want to talk about the power of identity .
I actually did n't learn this in the practice of the law , my job .
I learned it from my grandmother .
I grew up in a traditional house of a African-American family dominated by a matriarch , who was my grandmother .
It was hard , it was strong , he had power .
It was the last word in all sorts of discussion in the family .
She initiated many of the <unk> in our home .
He was a daughter of people who had been slaves .
Their parents were born in slavery in Virginia .
She was born over the 1880 and his experience with slavery , the way the world looked like .
She was hard , but he was also loving .
When I was a little girl and looked at her , she came up and gave me a good hug .
I was so strong that I could barely breathe and then dropped me out .
One or two hours later , I came back to look at her , and I came back and said , `` Do you still feel my hug ? ''
And if I said no , I 'll take it again , and if he said yes , I 'd let me in peace .
I had this human quality that would always want to be close to it .
The only problem is that I had 10 children .
My mother was the lowest of 10 .
Occasionally , when I was going to spend a while with her , it was n't easy to capture their time and her attention .
My cousins were running around .
I remember when I was nine years old , I woke up one morning , and I went to the room and there they were running all my cousins .
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me .
At first I thought it was a game .
So he looked at her and she smiles , but she was very serious .
After 15 , 20 minutes , she got up , went through the room , took me from my hand and said , `` Come on <unk> . We 're two to talk . ''
I remember this as if it was yesterday .
I 'll never forget it .
It took me outside , and he said , `` You know , I 'll tell you something , but you ca n't tell anybody . ''
I said , `` Okay , Mama . ''
She said , `` Now I 'm going to argue that you wo n't . '' I said , `` Sure . ''
Then I sat down , looked at me and said , `` I want you to know you 've been looking at you . ''
And he added , `` I think you 're special . ''
He said , `` I think you can do anything you want . ''
I 'll never forget it .
Then he said , `` I just want you to give me three things , <unk> . ''
I said , `` Sure , Mama . ''
And he said , `` The first thing I want you to ask me is that you always want your mother . ''
<unk> : `` She 's my <unk> , and you 've got to make sure that always the <unk> . ''
As I loved my mom , I said , `` Yes , Mama , I 'll do it . ''
Then he said , `` The second thing I want you to ask me is that you will always do the right thing , but the right thing is hard . ''
I thought , `` Yes , Mama . So I 'll do it . ''
Then , finally , he said , `` The third thing I want you to tell me is that you 're never <unk> alcohol . ''
I was nine years old , and I said , `` Yes , Mama , I 'll do it . ''
I grew up in the field , in South rural . I have a brother a year older and a sister a year .
When I was 14 15 , one day my brother got home with a <unk> package , I do n't know where he pulled out , caught my sister and me and left for the forest .
We just got to do the madness of always .
He took a sip of beer , gave my sister to my sister , she took a little and offered me .
I said , `` No , no , no . All right . You follow , but I 'm not going to take beer . ''
My brother said , `` Come on . Today 's <unk> . And you always do the same thing as we do .
I already took something , your sister as well . Take a beer . ''
I said , `` No . I would n't feel good . You can follow . ''
Then my brother looked at me .
And he said , `` What happens ? Take a beer . ''
He took my gaze and went , `` Oh , I 'm not thinking about the conversation with Mama . ''
I said , `` But what are you talking about ? ''
He said , `` Mama tells all the grandchildren that are special . ''
I got broken .
I have to admit something to you .
I 'll tell you something that probably should n't say .
I know this will spread widely .
But I have 52 years , and I can admit I 've never taken a drop of alcohol .
I 'm not saying that I 'm a virtue of virtue ; I mean by the power of identity .
When we created the right kind of identity , we say things to others that they really do n't see sense .
We ca n't get them to do things that do n't believe that they can do .
I think my grandmother would naturally believed that all his grandchildren were special .
My grandfather had been in prison during the ban .
My uncles died of age-related diseases .
And these were the things that , according to her , we had to engage it .
Now , try and talk about our criminal justice system .
This country is today very different from what was 40 years ago .
In 1972 , there were 300,000 prisoners .
Today , there 's 2.3 million .
In America , we have the biggest incarceration rate of the world .
We have seven million people in probation .
And this massive incarceration , in my view , has fundamentally changed our world .
In poor communities or black , it 's so much <unk> , so much despair , determined by these facts .
One in three black ones between 18 and 30 years is in jail or no parole .
In urban <unk> across the country , Los Angeles , Philadelphia , Baltimore , Washington , 50 to 60 percent of all young color are in jail or probation .
Our system is not just distorted in front of race , as well as poverty .
In this country , we have a judicial system that is much better if you 're rich and guilty , that if you 're poor and innocent .
It 's not guilt , it 's wealth that affects the results .
And it seems that we feel very quiet .
The politics of fear and anger makes us believe that these are not problems .
We 're disconnected .
I think it 's interesting .
We 're looking at our work some pretty curious developments .
In my state , in Alabama , as well as in other states , you have no rights to all if you have a criminal prison .
Right now in Alabama , 34 percent of the black population has lost definitely the right to vote .
And if we projected it to the next 10 years , the level of loss of rights will be as high as it was before it was going to push the law of the law to vote .
We have this stunning silence .
I represent kids .
Many of my clients are very young .
The United States is the only country in the world where it 's sentencing to 13 years to die in prison .
We have in this country prison for children , without a chance of coming out .
We are now in the process of some litigation .
The only country in the world .
I play people on death row .
This issue of death penalty is interesting .
So , in some sense , we 've been asking us to think that the final question is , people deserve to die by <unk> <unk> ?
A very sensitive question .
But you can think of another way about how we 're in our identity .
There 's another way to look at it : it 's not about deciding whether people deserve to die for crimes themselves , but if we deserve to kill .
This is interesting .
The death penalty in America is defined by error .
From every nine people executed , it has identified one that 's innocent and released from death row .
A error rate , amazing , an innocent one .
This is interesting .
In aviation , it would never be allowed to fly airplanes , if every nine to take away , you would have to fly away .
But somehow we cut out the problem .
It 's not our problem .
It 's not our burden .
It 's not our struggle .
I talk a lot about these things .
I talk about race and this issue of whether we deserve to kill .
It 's interesting that in my classes with students on African-American history , I talk about slavery .
I talk to you about terrorism , the time he started at the end of the reconstruction , and it lasted to the Second World War .
We really do n't know much about this .
But for the black Americans in this country , it was a little bit defined by terror .
In many communities , people were afraid to be <unk> .
They were worried being bombarded .
The threat of terror was what their lives defined .
Now there are older people who come up to me and say , `` Mr. Stevenson , you teaches talks , make speeches . Let 's get people to stop saying that in our history we deal with terrorism , after the <unk> . ''
They ask me to say , `` No . Say that we grew up with that . ''
The age of terrorism continued , obviously , with segregation and decades of setting up racial and decades .
In this country , we have a dynamic why we do n't like to talk about our problems .
We do n't like to talk about our story .
And this is why we have n't understood what we 've historically done .
All the time <unk> each other .
We constantly create tensions and conflict .
It costs us work talking about races . I think it 's because we 're not willing to engage it with a truth and reconciliation process .
In South Africa , people understood that they could n't overcome race segregation without a commitment to truth and reconciliation .
In Rwanda , even before the genocide had this commitment , but in this country we have n't done .
I was in Germany giving talks about death penalty .
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said , `` You know it 's well worrying about listening what you say . ''
<unk> : `` We do n't have death death in Germany .
We can never be able to have it here . ''
The room stayed in silence , and a lady said , `` There 's no way that with our story , we can never get into the systematic death of human beings .
It would be irrational to us , intentional and deliberately put to run people . ''
So let 's go on this .
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany , execute people , especially if they were in their most Jews Jews ?
We could n't tolerate it .
It would be irrational .
And yet , there is this disconnect .
I think our identity is in danger .
If we do n't really care about these issues so difficult , positive and wonderful things are , however , involved .
We love innovation .
We 're fascinated by technology . <unk> creativity .
We love entertainment .
But lately , these realities are <unk> by suffering , abuse , degradation , <unk> .
In my view , we need to integrate both things .
We talked about the need for more hope , more engagement , more dedication to the basic challenges of the life of this complex world .
I think that means to spend more time thinking about and talking about the poor , the <unk> , the ones that never come to TED .
And thinking about them is , in some ways , something that 's inside our self .
It 's true that we have to believe in issues we have n't seen .
So we are . Even though being so rational , so committed to the intellectual .
So , with innovation , development is not just the brain ideas .
These things come from auditory ideas also by the convictions of the heart .
This connection of mind with the heart is what drives us to look at not just the bright and dazzling , but also the dark and the hard thing .
75,000 <unk> , the great leader , talked about this .
He said , `` When we were in Europe , suffering , we wanted all sorts of things , but mainly what we needed was hope , the guidance of the spirit , a will for being in sites of despair and being witnesses . ''
Well , that orientation for the spirit is pretty much in the heart of what I believe , even in communities as TED , has to commit .
There is no disconnect related to technology and design , which allows us to be truly human if we do n't pay enough attention to poverty , to exclusion , to inequality , to injustice .
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make up a much more challenging identity than if we are ignoring these things .
We go back to find them .
I had the great privilege , as a young lawyer , to meet Rosa Parks .
These women were brought together simply to talk .
Occasionally , the lady <unk> called me , to say , `` <unk> , comes the lady . We 're going to get together to speak .
Do you want to come and listen ? ''
I said , `` Yes , ma'am . Yes I want . ''
So she said , `` Well , what are you going to do when you come ? ''
I said , `` <unk> . ''
So I went and I 'd just heard it .
It was very <unk> , very <unk> .
And on one occasion , I was there , listening to these ladies , and after a couple of hours , Mrs. Parks went to me and said , `` Now , let me tell you , tell me that it 's that idea of justice .
Tell me what you 're trying to do . ''
And I started giving my speech .
I said , `` Well , we 're trying to question injustice .
We try to help those who have been wrongfully convicted .
We try to confront prejudice and discrimination in the criminal justice management .
We try to end up with the sentences of life , without parole for children .
We try to do something about death penalty .
We try to reduce the population in prisons .
We try to end up with massive <unk> . ''
I gave him all my best speech , and at the end of the end , he looked at me and said , `` Hmm . ''
And he said , `` We 're going to be exhausted , so much exhausted . ''
At that time , Mrs. <unk> leaned down , put his finger on the face and said , `` That 's why you have to be very , very brave . ''
I think actually , the TED community has to be much more <unk> .
We need to find the way we deal with those challenges , those problems , that suffering .
Because finally , humanity depends on compassion for others .
I 've learned some very simple things in my work .
I 've been educated on simple things .
I 've come to understand and to believe that each of us is superior to the worst we 've made .
I think that 's true for everybody on the planet .
I 'm convinced that if somebody says a lie , it 's not because they 're a liar .
I 'm sure that if somebody takes something that does n't belong , it 's not a thief .
Even if someone kills another , it 's not a murderer .
So I think there 's a basic dignity of people who have to be respected by the law .
I also believe that in many parts of this country , and certainly , in many parts of the world , the opposite of poverty is not wealth .
That 's how it is n't .
I really think that in many parts the opposite of poverty is justice .
And finally , I think , even though it 's very dramatic , very beautiful , very inspiring , very stimulating , you do n't judge ourselves by our technology , by our designs , not by our intellectual or rational ability .
In the end , the character of a society is judging the character of a society , not by the way they treat rich , powerful and privileged people , but by how they treat the poor , the doomed , the prisoners .
Because it 's in this context as we started to understand truly profound topics about what we are .
And sometimes I feel <unk> . I 'll end with a story .
Sometimes I make too much force .
<unk> tired , like everyone .
Sometimes those ideas go beyond these ideas in an important way .
I 've been representing these kids who have been convicted of a lot of severity .
I 'm going to jail and I see my clients 13 and 14 years , who have been rewarded for them as adults as adults .
And I start thinking , how can it be ?
How can a judge turn someone in what is not ?
The judge was <unk> as an adult , but I see a child .
One night later , I was awake thinking -- God , if the judge can turn you into something you 're not , must have magic powers .
Yes , <unk> , the judge has magic powers .
You should ask for some of that .
As I was very late , I could n't think correctly , but I started working on a <unk> .
He had a 14-year-old customer , a small , poor , black man .
I started working on the <unk> , with a <unk> who was saying , `` <unk> for my black age of 14 , it 's treated as a very white privilege of 75 , CEO . ''
In the <unk> , I put it back to the accusation , in the behavior of the police and in the process .
There was a bold line on how in this country there are no ethics , but a whole lack of ethics .
The next morning I woke up thinking that <unk> <unk> would be a dream , or I really wrote it ?
For my horror , not only had it <unk> , but I had sent it to court .
It took about two months , I had forgotten .
And I finally decided -- Oh my God , I have to go to court for this stupid case .
I got into the car , and I felt really overwhelmed , overwhelmed .
I went into the court in court .
I thought this would be very difficult and pitiful .
I finally went down the car . I walked in court .
I was going up the stairs when I found myself with a older black man ; he was a court court .
When he saw me , he came up to me and said , `` Who is you ? ''
I said , `` I 'm a lawyer . '' He replied , `` You 're a lawyer ? '' I said yes .
Then I approached it and hugged me .
And I whispered into the ear .
He said , `` I 'm proud of you . ''
I have to tell you that that was <unk> .
That was deeply connected with my inner identity , with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope .
Well , I went into the audience of audiences .
By being in , the judge saw me .
And he said , `` Mr. Stevenson , you wrote this bold bold ? ''
I said , `` Yeah , Mr. went me . '' And we started to argue .
People started to reach . They were all mad .
I was the one that had written those crazy things .
They came the cops <unk> , auxiliary .
Suddenly , without knowing how , the room was full of people . They 're all furious because we 're talking about races , because we talked about races , because we talked about poverty .
With the <unk> of the eye , I was going to see the diver that he was going and came .
I would look at the window and you 're going to hear all that <unk> .
He kept walking over here and there .
Finally , this old black man , with face face , walked into the room and sat behind me , almost at the table of lawyers .
About 10 minutes later , the judge decreed a break .
And during the break , a <unk> assistant was upset because the guy had entered the room .
The assistant ran over the old black black .
And he said , `` Jimmy , what do you do in the audience of audiences ? ''
And the old black man stood up , looked at the assistant , looked at me and said , `` I went into this audience of hearings to tell this young man who keeps his view in the objective of <unk> . ''
I 've come to TED today because I think many of you understand that the moral bow of the universe is very big , but that it folds up towards justice .
That we ca n't truly be truly human beings if we do n't care about human rights and for dignity .
That our survival is attached to each other .
That our visions of technology , design , entertainment and creativity must bind to brotherhood , compassion and justice .
And above all , to those of the present people here who share this , I just want to tell you that keep your view in the target .
Thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You just heard and see an obvious desire from the audience , of this community , to help in your purposes , to do something .
Something that 's not a check . What can we do ?
<unk> : There are several opportunities close .
If you live in the state of California , for example , there 's going to be a <unk> of this spring in which you 're going to get an effort to deal with the funding that they spend in politics of punishment .
For example , here in California , you 're going to spend a billion dollars in death row , in the next five years , a billion dollars .
And despite this , 46 percent of the murder cases of murder not <unk> .
56 percent of the rapes do n't get to anything .
Here 's a chance of change .
This <unk> is going to propose that these funds were going to be able to get the law to make the law , to safety .
I think there 's a very close opportunity .
CA : There 's been a huge decline in crime in the United States , in the last three decades .
Part of the explanation is that it has to do with the biggest rate of incarceration .
What would you say to you who believe that it is ?
<unk> : Actually , the crime rate with violence has remained relatively stable .
The big growth in mass incarceration in this country is not by crimes with violence .
It 's because of the wrong war .
That 's why it arises this dramatic increase in the prison population .
And we let us convince the rhetoric of punishment .
We have three legal causes to bring people to life in life -- to rob a bicycle , for small crime crimes , instead of making those resources to their victims .
I think we have to do more to help the victims of the <unk> and not less .
It seems to me that our current philosophy about punishment does nothing for anybody .
I think that 's the orientation that has to change .
CA : <unk> , you 've been excited today .
You 're very inspiring .
Thank you very much for having come to TED . Thank you .
<unk> : They grow the threats by bin Laden 's death .
<unk> 2 : <unk> in Somalia . <unk> three : The police throw O.C . spray .
<unk> 4 : <unk> <unk> . <unk> five : <unk> <unk> .
<unk> <unk> : social <unk> . <unk> seven : 65 dead .
<unk> 8 : <unk> tsunami . <unk> nine : <unk> .
Several <unk> : War wars . There was massive destruction . <unk> .
Great . <unk> . <unk> end . Egypt . Syria .
Crisis . Death . <unk> .
Oh , my God !
Peter Diamandis : These are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months . <unk> could be over the last six days or for the last six years .
The idea is that media media wants to make news news , because our minds will pay attention to them .
And that responds to a very good reason .
In every second in every day , our senses get a lot more data than probably the brain can process .
And as nothing matters to us more than survive , the first stop of all of that data is an ancient snippet of the temporal lobe called the amygdala .
The amygdala is our early warning detector , the danger detector .
<unk> and records all the information is looking for something in the environment that could make us hurt .
So from a <unk> of stories to look at the negative .
That old saying of the press : `` If there 's blood , sells , '' is very true .
And because all digital devices give us negative news for the seven days of a week , 24 hours a day , it 's not surprising to be pessimistic .
It 's not surprising that people think that the world is wrong with worse .
But maybe it 's not .
Maybe , instead , what 's really happening is we get <unk> .
Perhaps the huge progress done in the last century by a series of forces is accelerating in such a way that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades .
I 'm not saying we do n't have our good problems : climate change , extinction of species , water scarcity and energy ; we have no doubt .
As humans , we 're very good at <unk> problems and , in the long , we just finished with them .
Let 's take what happened in the last century to see where we go .
In the last hundred years , the average of life has more than doubled , the average income per capita income has tripled all over the world .
Child mortality has reduced 10 times .
Also , the cost of food , electricity , transportation and communications , has fallen from 10 to 1,000 times .
Steve Pinker and showed us that we are living the most peaceful time of human history .
And Charles brutal that the global literacy country has been 25 to more than 80 percent over the last 130 years .
We 're really living an extraordinary time .
Many people forget it .
And we continue to give us a higher and higher expectations .
In fact , we redefined the meaning of poverty .
Think about it , today in America , much of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity , water , toilets , refrigerators , television , air conditioning and cars .
The <unk> <unk> of the last century , the <unk> of the planet , would never have dreamed of that luxury .
So we 're going to make a lot of this is technology , and lately , its exponential growth .
Now , my good friend Kurzweil showed that any tool that <unk> information technology jumps into this curve , Moore 's Law , and doubling the performance for about 12 to 24 months .
For that reason that you have in your pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a supercomputer from the '70s .
Now look at this curve .
It 's Moore 's Law for the last hundred years .
I want you to look at two things in this curve .
First , how soft it is -- in good and bad times , in war and peace , in recession , in depression and booming .
It 's the starting computers that are used to build faster computers .
It does n't stop any of the big challenges .
And even though it 's <unk> in a law on the left , it 's gone up .
The growth rate of technology is actually getting faster and faster .
And in this curve , to <unk> from Moore 's Law , there 's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we have today .
The computation in the cloud , which my friends in Autodesk call infinite computing , sensors and networks , the 3D printing , the 3D printing and their ability to democratize and distribute personalized production across the entire planet , synthetic biology , fuel , the vaccines , the vaccines and the A.I . and the leisure .
I mean , how many of you saw victory on `` Jeopardy of Watson , '' from IBM ?
It was epic .
I sought to in the newspapers the best headline that I would have .
And I loved this : `` Watson is <unk> to opponents . ''
`` Jeopardy '' is not an easy game .
It plays with the nuances of human language .
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud , available to everyone on your cell phone .
Four years ago , here at TED , Ray Kurzweil and I , we launched a new university called <unk> University .
We teach these technologies to our students , and in particular , how can they be used to solve the great challenges of humanity .
And every year we asked them to release a company , or a product or a service , that can affect the lives of a billion people in a decade .
Think about that , the fact that a group of students can impact the lives of a billion people .
Thirty years ago that would be <unk> .
We can now point out a <unk> of companies that have already done .
When I think about creating abundance , it does n't mean creating a fancy life for every single one of the planet ; it 's about creating a life of as possible .
It 's about taking that that is scarce and making plentiful .
You see , scarcity is contextual , and technology is a force that releases resources .
I 'll give you an example .
It 's a tale of Napoleon III in the <unk> .
He 's the guy on the left .
He invited dinner the king of <unk> .
These are Napoleon ate with 61 , and the same Napoleon was covered with gold .
But the king of <unk> , he ate with aluminum .
You see , aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet -- it was worth more than gold and platinum .
And that 's why the tip of the Washington Monument is aluminum .
You see , even though aluminum is NASA percent of the Earth , it does n't come like pure metal .
It 's tied through oxygen and <unk> .
But then the <unk> came and made the aluminum something so cheap that we use it as if it was <unk> .
They 're going to give you this analogy to the future .
Let 's think about energy shortage .
Ladies and gentlemen , we are on a bathed planet for 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year .
They come up to the Earth 16 energy <unk> every 88 minutes .
It 's not about scarcity , but about accessibility .
And there 's good news .
This year , for the first time , the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the shot of diesel : Any rupees versus 17 rupees .
The cost of solar energy dropped 50 percent last year .
Last month , MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade , in the <unk> parts of the United States , solar electricity will cost six cents a hour compared to the 15 cents of the national average .
And if we have plenty of energy , we also have plenty of water .
Let 's talk about wars for water .
Do you remember when Carl Sagan pointed out the Voyager spacecraft to the Earth , in 1990 , after a country happened ?
<unk> a famous picture . What was he called ?
`` A pale blue dot . ''
Because we live on a planet of water .
We live on a planet covered in 70 percent of water .
Yes , <unk> percent is saltwater , two percent is ice , and we fought for 0.5 percent of the water on the planet , but here 's a hope here .
It 's a technology available for 10 years , but right now .
It comes when nanotechnology comes to you .
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning , one of the innovators in <unk> -- I 'd like to share with you , he gave me permission to do that -- your technology called <unk> <unk> is the size of a small fridge .
It 's able to generate a thousand liters of drinking water per day of any source , saltwater , contaminated water , a <unk> for less than two cents a gallon .
The president of Coca-Cola just thought I 'll make a major test of hundreds of these units in the developing world .
If that comes out well , and I 'm very confident that that is , Coca-Cola is going to implement the world in <unk> countries on the planet .
This is a <unk> innovation for this technology that today exists .
And we 've seen it in mobile phones .
My God , we 're going to get to 70 percent penetration penetration in the developing world for the end of 2013 .
Think of it , that warrior <unk> has better cell communications in Kenya that President Reagan is 25 years ago .
And , with a smart smartphone with Google , it has access to more knowledge and information that President Clinton 15 years ago .
He lives in a world of information abundance and communications that nobody could have predicted .
Best than that , the things that you and I have paid dozens and hundreds of thousands of thousands of dollars <unk> , video video , images of books and music , <unk> technology , <unk> technology , <unk> technology , <unk> technology .
Maybe it 's better to get it when the health care shows up .
Last month , I had the pleasure to announce with the <unk> Foundation , something called the X <unk> Project <unk> , 10 million dollars .
We are challenging the teams of the world so that we combine these technologies into a mobile device that they talk about , and because it has AI , you can coughing , you can get out of your finger .
To win , it has to make better diagnoses than a certified medical team .
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world in which there are no doctors , where the morbidity of morbidity is 25 percent of the health care workers .
When this device is going to be an RNA virus or DNA that wo n't recognition , call it the age of health and first , let 's prevent the pandemic happening .
But this is the biggest force to produce a world of abundance .
I call it the <unk> billion .
The white lines here are population .
We just went through the brand of seven billion .
By the way , the best protection against population explosion is to give the world of education and health .
In 2010 , we had less than two billion people online , connected .
By 2020 , going from two billion to five billion users of the Internet .
Three billion minds have never heard before you add to the global conversation .
What will these people want ?
What should you take ? What would you have ?
And instead of an economic collapse we will have the biggest economic injection of history .
These people represent tens of billions of dollars <unk> in the global economy .
And more health , thanks to the <unk> , of a better education with Khan Academy , and because of 3D prints and computation in the cloud will be more productive than ever before .
What can we provide three billion members of humanity , educated healthier and productive ?
What about voices never before heard ?
What if we give them the oppressed , wherever they are , a voice to be heard and be able to act for the first time ?
So what about three billion ?
And if they are contributions we ca n't predict ?
Something that I learned with the X Prize is that small teams , guided by his passion with a clear goal , can do extraordinary things , things that before they could only do the great corporations and governments .
I 'm going to end by sharing a story that really got me excited .
There 's a program that probably some people know .
It 's called <unk> .
<unk> at the University of Washington , in Seattle .
It 's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how to fold the protein .
You can determine the structure and functionality .
It 's very important in medical research .
And so far , it was a <unk> problem .
They 've played this on college teachers , each other .
Then hundreds of thousands of people join and started to play it .
And it 's been shown that today , the machinery of human patterns is better folding proteins than better computers .
Ladies and gentlemen , what gives me an enormous confidence in the future is that today we have more power to take the big challenges on the planet .
We have the tools with this exponential technology .
We have the passion of the innovator 's innovative .
We have the capital of <unk> .
And we have three billion new minds that we 're going to do to work on the solution of big challenges and do what we should do .
We have in front of a few decades .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk about a very small idea .
<unk> from the starting point .
And as the idea can be explained in a minute , before I 'll give you three examples to do time .
The first story is about Charles Darwin , one of my heroes .
He was here , as you know , to 1835 .
Maybe they believed that she was throwing finches , but it did n't .
You actually pick fish up .
And he described one of them as `` common . ''
It was grouper .
He was so caught up until the 1880s .
Now the fish are at the Red List in the IUCN .
But we 've heard this story many times , in Galapagos and other places , so that does n't have anything special about it .
But the case is that we still go to the Galapagos .
We still think they 're <unk> .
<unk> still tell intact .
So what happens here ?
The second story , also illustrates another concept : the shift from the waist .
Because I was there in 1971 studying the lagoon in West Africa .
I was there because I grew up in Europe , and then I wanted to work in Africa .
I thought I could get it .
I burned a lot with the sun , and I was convinced that I was n't there .
This is my first exposure to the sun .
The lagoon was surrounded by palm , and as you can see , the mangroves .
I 'd come up with about 20 centimeters , <unk> of black beard .
And the fishery of this tilapia was very plentiful and spent for a good time , so he was gaining over average in Ghana .
When I went there 27 years later , the amount of fish had halved .
<unk> to the five centimeters .
Let 's give you a genetic pressure .
There were still fish .
In a way , they were still happy .
And the fish were still happy to be there .
I mean , nothing changed , but everything has changed .
My third story is that I was complicit in the introduction of the Southeast Asia .
In the 1970s , well , it started in <unk> Europe made a lot of development projects .
The fishing development was to impose to the countries that already had 100,000 fishermen , <unk> industrial fishing .
And this boat , pretty ugly , was called the <unk> 4 .
I went out to fishing in him , and we did studies in southern China 's `` <unk> Sea , '' and mostly in the Java Sea .
What we saw capture was something <unk> .
<unk> , now I know , the bottom of the sea .
Ninety percent of what we capture was sponges , other animals that are at the bottom .
And most of the fish are tiny spots on the remains of the remains , the remains of coral reef fish .
In short , the bottom of the sea came to the deck and then it was cast .
These images are extraordinary because the transition is very fast .
In a year , you do a study and then you start commercial fishing .
The background of being a solid coral background , in this case , to be a <unk> .
This is a dead turtle .
They did n't eat them . They wrote it because they were dead .
We once captured a living .
I was still not <unk> anymore .
So they wanted to kill her because it was a good food .
This mountain of remains is what the fishermen collect every time they go to an area where they have never fish .
But it does n't have documented .
We turn the world , but we do n't remember it .
They 're going to take the starting point , to the new level , without remembering what was there .
If you 're going to make this happen .
And on the Y-axis , we have good things : biodiversity , number of killer whales , the <unk> of the country , the water supply .
And that changes over time . It changes because people do things .
So each generation will use the images of their conscious life like normal and slow it forward .
The difference is they perceive the loss .
They do n't perceive the loss that happened before .
You can analyze the consequences of change .
And ultimately keeping some miserable remains .
And that , largely , is we want to do it now .
We want to keep things that are no longer , or not what they were .
But you should think that this problem affects people when societies are killing animals without knowing what they 've done to a few generations later .
Because obviously an animal that 's very abundant , before we go extinct , is unusual .
You do n't lose animals .
One loses animals .
Even if this is not perceived as a huge loss .
Over time , we focus on large animals , and at a synonymous sea of great fish .
They become rare because we fished them .
Eventually , we have a few fish , but we think that 's the starting point .
And the question is , why do we accept this ?
Well , because we do n't know it was different .
In fact , many people , scientists , <unk> that was very different .
And they 're going to do that because the evidence presented in an earlier way is not the way they would expect it to have the evidence .
For example , the anecdote that some people present , like a captain , and such a few fish in this area ca n't be used or , generally , does n't use the scientists in the fishery , because it 's not `` scientific . ''
So , we have a situation where people do n't know the past , even though we lived in <unk> societies , because they do n't rely on the sources of the past .
So the enormous paper that can be able to make a protected protected area .
Because with marine protected areas , we actually recreated the past .
And so we would spend the past that people ca n't think of because the starting point has been run , and it 's extremely low .
That 's for the people that you can see a protected protected area , and they can benefit from the vision that provides them , which allows them to erase their starting point .
And what about the people who ca n't do it because they do n't have access , like the people in the West , for example ?
I think there 's the arts and film , maybe you can fill in the vacuum . The simulation .
This is a simulation of Chesapeake Bay .
A long time ago there were gray whales in Chesapeake Bay , 500 years ago .
And you might have noticed that the nuances and the <unk> are like `` Avatar . ''
And if you think about `` Avatar , '' if you think about why people were moved with the film -- -- let me talk about the story of why we would have the images ?
Because it raises something that , in a sense , has been lost .
So my recommendation , the only one to give , is Cameron , `` Avatar II '' underwater .
Thank you very much .
Hello . I 'm Kevin <unk> , the YouTube section of YouTube , and I look at YouTube videos in a professional form .
It 's true .
That 's why we 're going to see why the videos are making viral and how important it has .
We all want to be stars : celebrities , singers , comedians -- when I was younger , that seemed very , very difficult .
But today 's video makes any of us , or our actions , copper in a part of our global culture .
Anybody can be made famous on the Internet in a <unk> .
You go up over 48 hours of video to YouTube for minute .
And , of those , only one small percentage gets viral , gets lots and lots of views and wins culture .
How does that happen ?
Three things : maker , communities and surprise communities .
Okay , let 's start .
<unk> <unk> : Oh my God , my God .
Oh my God !
Wow .
<unk> , <unk> !
KA : Last year , <unk> <unk> published this video shot outside its house in the Yosemite National Park .
In 2010 , it was seen 23 million times .
This chart shows the views on the popularity of the past summer .
He was n't proposed to make a viral video .
I just wanted to share a double rainbow .
That 's what you do if it 's called Yosemite Mountain <unk> .
I had been published many videos of nature .
This video had been published in January .
So what happened here ?
It was Jimmy Kimmel .
Jimmy Kimmel published this tweet that <unk> the popular video .
The <unk> of trends as Jimmy <unk> are presented with us and interesting and <unk> to a wider audience .
Rebecca Black : It 's Friday , Friday . You have to start on Friday . Everybody wants it to come back in the weekend , the weekend . <unk> , Friday . We 'd look at Friday . KA : You wo n't think that we can have this conversation without talking about this video , I hope .
`` <unk> '' from Rebecca is one of the most popular videos of the year .
You saw it about 200 million times this year .
This graph shows the frequency of use .
Like `` rainbow rainbow , '' this video seemed to have emerged from nothing .
So what happened this day ?
Well it was Friday , it 's true .
And if you ask for those other peaks , they 're also Friday .
But what happened this day , this particular Friday ?
Well , I took it <unk> and many blogs started writing about it .
Michael J. Nelson , from <unk> Science , was one of the first people to make a joke on Twitter on Twitter .
But the important thing is that a person or a group of trends embrace a point of view and share it with a wider public , accelerating the process .
So , this community of people who share this great joke , then they start talking about that and doing things .
And now there are 10,000 <unk> <unk> on YouTube .
Only in the first seven days , there was a parody for each of the other days .
Unlike the one-way 20th century , this community participation is our way to be part of the <unk> phenomenon or doing something new with that .
`` <unk> Cat '' is a repetitive animation with a chord music .
That 's what it is .
This year saw it about 50 million times .
And if you think that 's weird , you know , there 's a three hours version of it that has seen four million times .
Until cats saw this video .
And there are cats who saw other cats see the video .
But the important thing here is the creativity I woke up with the Internet Internet community .
There was <unk> .
Somebody made an old version of it .
And then it became international .
Suddenly , a whole bunch of a mixed community arose that made it happen to be a silly joke to something we can all be part of .
Because today we do n't just enjoy it , we participate .
Who could have predicted something like this ?
Who might have predicted `` rainbow doubled '' or Rebecca Black or `` <unk> '' ?
What script might have been written that you would have this situation ?
In a world where two days of video come up for a minute , only the only thing and unexpected can be solved in the way these things have done .
When a friend told me that I had to see this big video of a guy who protest <unk> in New York City , I 'll admit I did n't really get interested .
Casey <unk> : I got a parking ticket for the <unk> , but often there are obstacles that prevent them under the <unk> .
KA : Thank you the surprise effect and his humor , Casey <unk> found that five million people saw and understand their idea .
So this approach is worth the new thing that we do creatively .
And all of this leads us to a big question .
<unk> <unk> : What does this mean ?
<unk> .
KA : What does this mean ?
<unk> , creative communities of participation , totally unexpected , are characteristics of a new kind of media , of a new kind of culture , which we all have access and is the audience that defines popularity .
As I said earlier , one of the current celebrities of the world , Justin Bieber , started on YouTube .
Do n't ask permission to express your ideas .
Now we 're all a little owners of our pop culture .
These are not the characteristics of the old media , it 's just the current media , but we 'll make the entertainment of the future .
Thank you .
This is not a finished story .
It 's a puzzle that 's still assembling .
Let me tell you about some of the pieces .
Imagine the first piece : a man burning the work of a whole life .
It 's a poet , a playwright , a man whose whole life had been supported by the only unit of unity and freedom of his country .
Imagine as the communist ones come in <unk> , facing the fact that their life had been totally in vain .
Words , for so long , do n't make fun .
It was <unk> in silence .
She died broken through the story .
He 's my grandfather .
I never met him .
But our lives are much more than our memories .
My grandmother allowed me never to forget his story .
My task was not to let that have been in vain , and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to be <unk> , but it was <unk> .
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat of dawn on the <unk> <unk> .
My mother , <unk> , was only 18 years old when his father died , and a <unk> marriage and two small little girls .
For her , life was destined to work alone : escape her family and new life in Australia .
It was inconceivable for her to do that .
And after a <unk> <unk> that challenges the fiction , a boat slid into the sea dressed by fishing vessel .
Every adults knew the risks .
The biggest fear were pirates , rape and death .
Like most of the adults , my mother had been a little bit of poison with poison .
If we would catch us , we would first take my sister and me , and then she and my grandmother .
My first memories are from that boat , the constant rate of the engine , the bow diving into each wave , and the vast and empty horizon .
I do n't remember the pirates who came out several times , but they were fooled by the courage of the men in our boat , or the engine dying and not being able to start for six hours .
But I do remember the lights on the oil rig in front of the coast of Malaysia , and the young man who collapsed and died , finish the journey was too much for him ; and the first apple I tried , given for the men on the platform .
No apple had the same .
After three months in a refugee camp , <unk> in Melbourne .
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women over three generations shaping a new set of life together .
We set up in <unk> , a suburb of working class whose population is comprised of immigrants .
Unlike the middle class of the middle class , whose existence I did n't know , in <unk> , no sense of the right .
The smells that came from the shops were the rest of the world .
And the fragments of English <unk> were traded between people who had one thing in common : they were starting again .
My mother worked on farms , then in a car assembly line , working six days , double turn .
Yet , I found time to study English and get a degree in I.T . technology .
We were poor .
All the dollars was mapped , and they have established an extra mentoring in English and mathematics , you would n't mind what you should be removed , which was usually new clothes ; it was always a second hand .
Two <unk> pairs for school , one to hide the holes in the other .
A school uniform to the ankles , because it had to last six years .
And there were weird <unk> and <unk> on the `` eyes '' and some graffiti , `` Asians , go home . ''
At home , where ?
Something in me is <unk> .
He was <unk> determination and a voice that said , `` I 'm going to <unk> . ''
My mother , my sister and I <unk> in the same bed .
My mother stood up every night , but we told us about our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother 's movements .
My mother suffered nightmares , all of the ship .
And my task was to be awake until his nightmares started to be able to <unk> .
She opened up a computer store , then he studied to be <unk> and opened another business .
And the women would come with their stories about men who could n't make the transition , angry and <unk> , and boys were stuck with two worlds .
They looked for subsidies and sponsors .
They were created .
I lived in parallel worlds .
In one , it was the classic Asian student , relentless with what I 'm making of myself .
In the other , I was very rapidly in poor lives , tragically <unk> by violence , drug abuse and isolation .
But many people got help over the years .
And for that work , when I was studying my last year of attorney , I picked the young Australian boy .
And I went through a piece of the puzzle to the other , but his edges did n't fit .
So I read <unk> anonymous resident , was now As I read , refugee and social activist , invited to speak in sites that I 'd never heard of , and in homes whose existence was never imagined .
I did n't know the protocols .
I did n't know how to use the covered .
I did n't know how to talk about it .
I did n't know how to talk about nothing .
I wanted to retreat into the routines and happy life in a suburb <unk> -- a grandmother , a mother and two daughters end up the day as they did for nearly 20 years , <unk> on the day of every single bed and running <unk> , the three still in the same bed .
And I told my mom I could n't do that .
It reminded me that I had the same age that she had when she got us on the boat .
The `` No '' has ever been an option .
`` Do you do , '' he said , `` You 're not what you 're not going to . ''
So I talked about <unk> <unk> and education and <unk> to the marginalized and they 're exposed to .
And the more frankly he was talking about , the more I was trying to speak .
I met people from all the paths of life , many of them doing what loved they loved , living on the edge of the possible frontier .
And even though I finished my bachelor , I realized I could n't stay in a career of attorney .
There was another piece of the puzzle .
And I realized at the same time that it 's okay to be a stranger , a newly arrived , new in the scene -- and not only good , but it 's something that I will be grateful for , maybe a gift of the boat .
Because being inside can easily mean to raise the horizons , it can easily mean to accept the assumptions of your province .
I gave the enough steps out of my comfort zone to know that , yeah , that the world gets out , but not the way we fear .
<unk> that would n't have been <unk> were tremendously .
There was an energy there , a relentless optimism , a bizarre mixture of humility and bravery .
So I followed my intuition .
<unk> a small group of people for the slogan `` Ca n't be done '' was a compelling challenge .
For a year we did n't have a penny .
At the end of every day , I did a giant pot of soup that we all share .
<unk> up to the night .
Most of our ideas were crazy , but some brilliant , and we open up .
I made the decision to move to the United States .
After one journey .
My hunch again .
Three months later I had moved , and the adventure continued .
Before I finished , let me tell you about my grandmother .
She grew up in a time when the <unk> was the social norm and the local <unk> was the person who cared .
Life did n't change for centuries .
Her father died shortly after she was born .
The mother grew up alone .
At 17 became a <unk> whose mother was beating her .
Without her husband 's support , he had an stir to <unk> and carry the cause herself , and much more <unk> caused it when he won .
It ca n't prove to be wrong .
I was in the shower in a hotel in Sydney when she died , a thousand miles , in Melbourne .
I looked through the <unk> of the shower , and I saw her standing on the other side .
I knew I had come to let go .
My mother called minutes later .
Days later , we went to a Buddhist temple in <unk> and sat around her casket .
We tell ourselves stories , and we make sure that we were still with it .
At night a monk came and told us that I had to close the casket .
My mother asked us to raise their hand .
I asked the monk , `` Why is his hand hot , and the rest of the body so cold ? ''
`` Because you 've taken your hand since the morning , '' he said .
`` You have n't got it . ''
If there 's a nerve nerve , that runs through women .
Since we were and how life formed us , we can now see that the men who have come to our lives would be frustrated .
The defeat would have <unk> .
Now I want to have my own children , and I ask myself about the boat .
Who might want that to do ?
However , I fear the privilege of how easy it , the right .
Can I give you a bow in your lives , isolated brave in each wave , the <unk> rate of the engine , the vast horizon that does n't guarantee anything ?
I do n't know .
But if I could give it to you and see them safely , I would .
<unk> <unk> , and also the mother of culture is today , in the fourth or fifth row .
My story begins in <unk> about two years ago .
I was in the desert , under the starry sky , with the Sufi singer <unk> Ali .
We were having a conversation about how nothing has changed from the time of the ancient Indian epic `` The Mahabharata . ''
In those days , when the Indians wanted to travel to a car , and they would destroy the sky .
Now we do that with airplanes .
At the time , when <unk> , the great Prince Indian warrior , I had thirst , and I would pull out an arc and with a <unk> on the ground , she could get water .
Now we do the same with <unk> and machines .
The conclusion that we took was that the machinery had replaced the magic .
And that 's a big deal with me .
Every time I felt a little bit more of <unk> .
I 'd come up with this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate a sunset if I did n't have the camera , if I could n't fit my friends .
It seemed to me that technology had to allow the magic , not kill her .
As a child , my grandfather gave me his <unk> <unk> .
And this piece of <unk> technological is for my most magical thing .
It became a golden door to a world filled with images and pirates and <unk> in my imagination .
I had the feeling that mobile phones , luxury clocks and cameras can prevent us .
Let me make our inspiration .
So I launched , and I launched this technological world to see how we can use it to create magic , instead of killing her .
I was climbing books since the 16 .
So when I saw the iPad , I saw a device of storytelling that can connect readers around the whole world .
You can know how we take the book .
Where we are .
<unk> the text with the image , animation , sound and touch .
The storytelling becomes increasingly <unk> .
But what does that help us ?
I 'm just about to launch <unk> , an interactive app for iPad .
It says , `` Put your fingers on every light . ''
And so -- he says , `` This box belongs to ... '' I write my name .
And so I become a character of the book .
In several times , I get a <unk> -- the iPad knows where I 'm alive thanks to GPS -- that 's led to me .
My inner girl gets excited with all these possibilities .
I 've talked a lot about magic .
And I do n't mean magicians and dragons , but that 's the magic of childhood , to those ideas that <unk> children .
For some reason , fireflies in a jar were always becoming exciting .
So here we have to tilt the iPad to free fireflies .
And really , they light up your way into what 's subtraction of the book .
Another idea that I was fascinated by as a child was that a whole galaxy in a <unk> .
So here , every book and every single book becomes a <unk> that I move towards this magic device , within the device .
And this opens up a map .
In all of a fantasy book , there 's always been maps but have been static maps .
This is a map that grows , <unk> and guide into the rest of the book .
In certain points of the book , it also reveals .
Now I 'm going to go in .
Another incredibly important aspect to me is to create Indian content and contemporary .
These are the <unk> .
We 've all heard about <unk> and <unk> , but how many people outside India know their Indian counterparts , the <unk> ?
These poor <unk> have been trapped in the cameras of Indra , in an old <unk> book .
So we 're bringing them back in a contemporary child story .
In a story that deals today as the environmental crisis .
And , talking about the environmental crisis , one of the problems of the last 10 years has been locked up , attached to their PCs , have n't left the outside world .
But now with mobile technology , we can get our children into the natural world with their technology .
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go outside , take the camera or iPad , and collect images of different natural objects .
As a child , I had lots of collections : sticks , stones , rocks and shells .
For some reason , the kids do n't .
So in order to recover this little ritual of childhood , you have to go out and , in a chapter , you take a picture of a flower to a flower and then <unk> .
In another chapter , you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then tagging .
So you create a digital collection of photos that then you can put on the Web .
A boy in London put a picture of a fox and says , `` Oh , I saw a fox . ''
A child in India says , `` I saw a monkey . ''
And it creates this kind of social network around a collection of digital photos that have been taking .
Inside the variants of connection between magic , Earth and technology are so many possibilities .
In the next book , we have an interaction where you go out with the iPad and the video on and through augmented reality , sees a group of cartoons that appear on the inside of the house .
You know , the screen is full of leaves .
And you have to do the sound of the wind and it 's got to be able to read the rest of the book .
We go to a world where the forces of nature is <unk> with technology and magic and technology gets closer to another .
<unk> the power of the sun .
We 're approaching our children and ourselves , the natural world and that magic , joy and love that we sit through a simple story .
Thank you .
I 'd like to talk to you about why many projects of <unk> fail .
And I think , really , the most important thing about that is that we stop listening to patients .
And one of the things we did at the University of <unk> was <unk> to a director of listening .
And not in a very scientific way , she lifted up a little cup of coffee or you and I asked patients , family and acquaintances , what happens ?
How can we help it ?
And we tend to think , that this is one of the biggest problems for what everyone , or maybe not all , but most projects of <unk> fail , because we stop listening .
This is my Wi-Fi scale . It 's very simple .
It 's got a switch on and off and off .
Every morning I get on me .
And yes , I have a challenge as you can see .
And I got the challenge of getting to 95 kilograms .
But it 's so simple that every time I connect it , send my information to Google Health .
And my doctor of <unk> has access to him as well . So he can see what my weight problem is , not at the same time in which I need <unk> assistance or some urgency of that , but see it backwards .
But there 's another thing .
Like some of you know , I have more than 4,000 Twitter followers .
So every morning I will connect me to my Wi-Fi scale , and before I came up to my car , people start to talk to me : <unk> , today I think you need a light lunch .
That 's the best thing that can happen , because it 's pressure from the peers used to help patients , because it could be used for obesity , and also that patients stop smoking .
On the other hand , it can take you to move to the people of their chairs and together develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health .
From the next week to be available to be available .
This little <unk> connected to an iPhone or another device .
And people will be able , from their homes , take their blood pressure , bring them to their doctor , and share it with others , for example , for 100 dollars .
This is the point where patients assume a position , they get back to control and to be captains of their own boat , but it also can help care of health care because of the challenges that we face , as the firing of the costs of the cost of the cost of attention and other issues .
<unk> techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team .
And you can do it with techniques like this , but it 's also through crowdsourcing .
And one of the things that we did like to share it with you with a video .
We all have checks on cars .
Maybe we even have them in our phones .
We know perfectly where the ATM machines are .
Also where they 're all <unk> .
And of course , we can find fast food chains .
But where is the closest <unk> to help this patient ?
We asked , but nobody knew .
Nobody knew where to get the <unk> for lives right now .
What we did was make crowdsourcing in the Netherlands .
We created a website , and we asked the public that if you look at a <unk> , please figure out where , and when it 's open , because when it 's open , because sometimes they open up in the office schedules and others are closed .
And over 10,000 <unk> are already introduced in the Netherlands .
The next step was to look for the app for that .
And we made an app for the iPad .
We created an application for <unk> , augmented reality , to find these <unk> .
And every time you 're in the city of <unk> and somebody collapses , you can use your iPhone , and the next few weeks to use your Microsoft cell phone to find the closest <unk> , what can save lives .
And from today , I 'd like to present this one , not just as <unk> <unk> , which is the name of the product , but also as <unk> .
And we wish we were <unk> .
We are <unk> all the colleagues in the world , in other universities , to help us find , work and act as a center for the crowdsourcing of <unk> around the world .
Every time you 're on vacation and somebody collapses , it can be a relative or somebody in front of you , you can find it .
And also , I would also invite companies around the world that could help us validate these <unk> .
It could be messaging services , or telephony people , for example , to see if the <unk> that 's shown is still in place .
Please help us in this and not only improve health , but take control of it .
Thank you very much .
I 'm here to share 'my photograph .
Or is it a photograph ?
Because of course , they 're photographs that ca n't take their cameras out .
My interest in photography was woke up with my first digital camera at 15 years .
I mixed with my earlier passion , but it was a little bit different because when I used the camera , the process was in planning .
And when you take a photograph with a camera , the process ends when the trigger is pushing .
For me photography , I had more to do with being in the right place at the right time .
It seemed like anybody could do it .
So I wanted to create something different , a process that would start by printing the trigger .
Thinking like this : a construction on a very <unk> road .
But it has an unexpected twist .
And despite that , it keeps a level of realism .
Or pictures like these -- and dark and colorful , but with the common goal to maintain the level of realism .
And when I say realism I say <unk> .
Because of course , it 's not something that I can do , but I always want it to be captured in some way as a photograph .
Hopefully you have to think about a moment to discover the trick .
It has more to do with capture an idea that with capturing a moment .
But what 's the trick that makes them seem real ?
Are we the details or the colors ?
Does the light go ?
What does the illusion create ?
Sometimes the illusion is perspective .
But ultimately it comes to our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive in a two-dimensional surface .
It 's actually not about whether it 's realistic but what we think is realistic .
So I think the basics are very simple .
I see it as a puzzle of reality where we take different pieces of reality and we put them together to create an alternative reality .
Let me show you a simple example .
Here we have three perfectly imaginable , something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world .
But combined , in fact , they can create something that still seems three-dimensional ; as if there were .
But at the same time , we know it does n't exist .
So we look at the brain because the brain does n't accept the fact that it really does n't make sense .
And I see the same process by combining the photographs .
It 's really to combine different realities .
And the things that make a picture seem realistic , I think that they are those ones we do n't even think about , the things that surround us in our everyday lives .
But when we combine pictures , it 's very important to consider that , because otherwise something will look bad .
So I 'd like to say there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic outcomes .
As you can see , these images are not very special .
But combined , they can create something like this .
So the first rule is that the combination of pictures must have the same perspective .
Second , the photos combined has the same kind of light .
And these two images do with these requirements ; they 've taken the same height and with the same kind of light .
The third point is to do impossible to distinguish the beginning and the end of the different images with a perfect union .
It has to be impossible to see where the image was made .
This is another example .
You might think that this is the image of a landscape , and the bottom is manipulated .
But this image is totally composed of photographs of different places .
In my personal mind , I think it 's easier to create a place to find it because you do n't need to put in danger of the ideas that you have in your head .
But it takes a lot of planning .
And as I thought about this idea in winter , I knew I had several months for <unk> , to find the different locations for the pieces of the puzzle .
For example , the fish were captured on a fishing journey .
The shores are a different location .
The <unk> part was captured in a stone well .
And yes , I even did red the house of the top of the island so that it looks more closely .
So in order to get a realistic result , I think we need planning .
You always start with a sketch , an idea .
Then we have to combine the different photographs .
And here every piece is very well meant .
If you do a good job by taking pictures of the pictures , the result can be very beautiful and very realistic .
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination .
Thank you .
I 'm going to start showing you a little bit about technology , very boring .
Please , if you can put it in ...
It 's a diagram that I took from a portfolio of mine .
I 'm not interested in showing me the details , but the general look .
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of <unk> microprocessors versus the power of local area networks .
What 's interesting about this is that this , like , many other than we tend to see , is kind of a straight line on a logarithmic scale .
In other words , every step of here represents an order of magnitude at the scale of performance .
And I 'm going to talk about technology with <unk> curves that are new .
Here 's something strange here .
And that 's what I 'm going to talk about .
Please light up the lights .
<unk> more intensity because writing about paper .
Why do we plot technological curves on <unk> scales ?
The answer is that if you draw them into a normal curve , where , say , these are the years , or some unit of time , and this would be any measure of the technology that I 'd like to chart , the diagram would look something ridiculous .
It would be something like this .
It does n't mean much .
But if plot , for example , some other technology , like transportation , on a <unk> curve , would be very silly , we would see a straight line .
But if something like this happens , you give a qualitative change .
If the technology of shipping as fast as the microprocessors , past tomorrow we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds .
But it does n't go through that rhythm .
There 's no precedent in the history of technological development , that every few years advance of magnitude .
The question I want to ask is -- look at these exponential curves , we see that they do n't keep forever .
It 's not possible to hold this change as fast as it goes .
It 's one of two things .
Or it 's going to become a typical curve , like this till something completely different comes out , or maybe it will do something like this .
That 's all that can happen .
I 'm optimistic , that 's why I think maybe will happen .
So , now we would be in the middle of a transition .
In this line , we are in a transition from what the world used to be , to a new way .
So what I 'm trying to ask , and wonder , what is that new way that you adopt the world ?
How new state are the world heading ?
The transition seems very , very <unk> if we are embedded in it .
I remember the future of the future happened in the year 2000 , and people used to talk about what would happen in the year 2000 .
This is a conference where people talk about the future , and we see that the future is still the year 2000 .
That 's all we see .
In other words , the future has shrunk , year after year , throughout my life .
But I think it 's because we feel that something is happening .
We can feel it .
And we know that it does n't make much sense to think about 30 or 50 years because everything will be so different to extrapolate what we 're doing today does n't make any sense .
So I want to talk to you about how it might be , how could that transition transition that we experience .
But to do that , I 'll have to talk a little bit about things that do n't have much to do with technology and computer .
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking distance and look at the long-term things .
The time scale in which I 'd like to do that is the time of life on Earth .
I think this picture makes sense if we look at each billion years .
So , you go back about two and a half billion years when the Earth was a <unk> rock with a lot of chemicals that would wander around .
If we look at the way those chemicals organized , we give us an idea of how things happened .
And I think there are theories in order to begin to understand the origin of RNA , and I 'm going to tell you a simple version of this , and that 's that , at that time , I 'd just floating around some of the oil droplets of them with all sorts of chemical recipes inside .
Some of those blobs of oil held a particular combination of chemicals that made them to bring materials from the outside , and the droplets grew up grew .
And they started split .
In a sense , those were the most primitive cell forms -- those droplets of oil .
But those droplets were not alive , in the present sense , because each one of them contained a random recipe of chemicals .
And every time you have divided into an unequal distribution of the chemicals that held .
So every droplet was a little different .
In fact , the blobs that somehow become better than to bring the chemicals around them ; they grew more and more chemicals , and they get more divided .
Mostly , more time lived , they were more represented .
It was a form of life , chemical life , very simple , but things get interesting , when these droplets learned the trick of abstraction .
Somehow we do n't understand very well , these droplets they 've learned to store information .
They learned to save information , which was the recipe for the cell , in a special chemical called DNA .
In other words , we 're going to put it in this meaningless evolution , a writing system that allowed them to record what they were so they can replicate .
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since it evolved and a half million years ago .
Our recipe , our genes , have exactly the same code , that same writing system .
In fact , every living thing is expressed with exactly the same collection of letters and the same code .
And one of the things I did just for fun -- now we can write things with this code .
Here I have a hundred white powder <unk> that I try to hide the airport security people .
But it contains -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we tend to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this DNA piece of DNA and I 'll spend 10 at 22 times .
So if someone wants 100 million copies of my personal card , I have a lot of all of them in the room -- in fact , for every person in the world and it 's here .
If it was a <unk> , I would have put it in a virus and would spread it through the room .
What was the next step ?
Writing DNA was an interesting step .
This made it that these cells are happy about another billion years .
But then another big interesting step happened in which things were very different -- and that was that these cells began to exchange and communicate information , forming their own cell communities .
I do n't know if you know , but bacteria can exchange DNA .
So , for example , antibiotic resistance evolved to antibiotics .
Some of the bacteria found the way they avoid penicillin and <unk> to create their little DNA with other bacteria , and now there 's a lot of resilient to penicillin because bacteria communicate .
This communication gave rise to the communities that , in a way , they were put together in that , and there was a synergy .
That way they survived or failed together , or that if a community was very successful all the individuals in that community were signed more and they were stressed out by evolution .
And the inflection point occurred when these communities came up so much that they actually came together , and they decided to write the whole recipe for the community together in a DNA chain .
The next stage for life took another billion years .
And at that stage , we have multicellular communities , many different types of different cells working together as one organism .
In fact , we 're a multi-cellular community .
We have a lot of cells that do n't act alone .
The skin cell does n't serve without the heart , or your muscles , or the brain , and so on .
So these communities evolved , and there are more interesting levels that cell phone , something we call an organism .
The next level happened within these communities .
These started <unk> information .
And to build very special structures that did n't do more than processing information in community .
It 's the neural structures .
The neurons are the devices that process the information that those cell communities built .
In fact , they started camps within the community being the responsible structure to record , understand and transfer information .
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities .
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage .
Because at that time as individuals -- learning was confined to the duration of an organism , and not the evolutionary period of time .
So one organism could , for example , learn to do n't eat some fruit because he knew wrong and got sick the last time she ate .
That could happen during the life of an organism , because before they had built these information processing structures that evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals who ate that fruit of fruit .
And so the fact that the nervous system actually built those information structures into tremendously information process .
Because evolution could now happen to an individual .
It could happen in the time you need to learn .
But then of course , individuals discovered the communication trick .
So , for example , the most refined version we know is human language .
If we think about it , it 's an incredible invention .
I have a very complicated idea , a vague idea , in your head .
I 'm sitting here at emitting some <unk> , and hopefully building a similar , vague , fuzzy , <unk> idea in your heads that keeps some analogy to mine .
But we took something very complicated , we turned it into sound , in sound sequences , and we produce something very complicated in another brain .
That now allows us to work as an organism .
In fact , as humanity , we 've started to perform abstractions .
Now , we 've spent the similar periods of the multicellular organisms ; we 've gone through our record methods , presentation and information processing .
For example , the invention of language was a little step in that direction .
telephony , computer , video tape , the CD-ROM , etc . are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to handle that information .
And that brings us into something much larger , faster and able to evolve more than we did before .
Now evolution can happen at microseconds .
You saw the evolutionary <unk> evolutionary <unk> where it produced some evolution with the <unk> program , in our eyes .
And now we 've accelerated the time scales again .
The first stages of the story that I told them took a billion years every one .
The next stages , the nervous system and the brain , took a few hundred million years .
The next , the language and so forth , they took less than a million years .
And the next , like electronics , it seems to take just a few decades .
The process is fed , and I guess it 's the right word to name it , to name something that accelerates its own pace of change .
The more it changes , the faster it does .
And I think that 's what we see in this explosion of the curve .
We see that the process is fed .
But I make my life designing computers , and I know that the mechanisms that are employment for us would n't be possible without the technological advances .
But now design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me to design them in a conventional way .
I do n't know that it does every transistor in that connections machine .
There are billions of millions .
Instead , with the designers of <unk> <unk> , we think about a level of abstraction , we put it into the machine and the machine with that does something that was before you could n't , it gets far further and faster than ever before .
In fact , sometimes they use methods that we do n't even understand well .
A particularly interesting method , which I 've been using lately is evolution itself .
We put in the machine an evolutionary process that operates at the scale of microseconds .
And for example , in the most extreme cases , we can evolve a program from a random sequence of instructions .
We say , `` Please computer , can you run a hundred million sequences of random instructions ?
Could you run these types of random instructions , running all those programs , and take those of those programs that we want to do ? ''
In other words , I define what I want .
Let 's say I want to order numbers , to put a simple example .
So we found the programs that are closer to order numbers .
Of course , it 's unlikely that some random strings of instructions , <unk> numbers , so none of them did .
But one , luckily , could find two numbers in the right order .
And I said , `` computer , could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that better do the task ? ''
They 're going to get those and <unk> the rest .
And now we 're going to figure out the best to make up the numbers .
And then let 's go back to <unk> , following an analog exploration process . ''
Let 's take two programs that <unk> children , which will be <unk> , and that the children will be able to put the properties of both programs .
So we got a new generation of programs of programs that had a little bit more success .
And we say , `` Please , do the process . ''
Listen again .
We would have some mutations .
And it tries again and it tries again with another generation .
Well , each generation takes a few milliseconds .
So , I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or , in complicated cases , in a few hours .
In the end , we ended up with programs that are sort of absolutely perfect .
In fact , they 're much more efficient programs than I could have written by hand .
If I look at those programs , I ca n't tell you how they work .
I 've tried to analyze it to see how they work .
These are dark programs , strangers .
But they do n't do it .
In fact , I know , I 've got the security of the goal , because they come from a bloodline from hundreds of thousands of programs that they did .
In fact , their lives depended on it .
Once I was going on a 747 with Minsky 's 747 , and he 's got a card and he says , `` Look at this .
He says , `` This airplane has hundreds of thousands of <unk> that work together to offer a safe flight . ' '' Does n't you make you feel quiet ? ''
We know that the engineering processes do n't work very well when they become complicated .
So we started to depend on computers to make different design processes .
And that allows us to produce a lot more complex things that produces normal engineering .
However , we do n't understand the whole choices there are .
In that sense , it goes in front of us .
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster and so that we can run these programs much faster .
I mean , it feeds .
The thing goes faster and faster and so I think it seems so confused .
Because all these technologies are fed .
We 're taking off .
And we 're at a moment analogous to the single-celled organisms when they got multicellular .
We are the amoebas and we ca n't understand what the hell we 're creating .
We 're at the tipping point .
But I think something comes behind us .
I think it would be very arrogant to think that we are the ultimate product of evolution .
And I think all of us are part of the creation of whatever it is to come .
But now comes the lunch , and I think I 'll stop here before I 've gone away .
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change .
And I think this starts with a doctor , and that 's me .
And I 've practiced long enough for me to give up to give me a part of my fake prestige .
Before I treat my talk , let 's talk a little bit about baseball .
Why not ?
We 're near the end , the World Series is coming .
We love baseball , right ?
baseball is full of surprising statistics .
There are hundreds of statistics .
It 's because of the rules . It 's talking about the statistics , and they talk about them to form a great baseball team .
I 'm going to focus on one of them , and I hope that many of you know .
It 's called average <unk> .
And we talked about 300 , from a <unk> that <unk> 300 .
That means that the <unk> bat , three of 10 times .
That means throwing the ball into the game of play without being caught , and anybody who tried to launch it to the first base , do n't get to time , and the second base will be saved .
Three tries 10 .
You know what they call a <unk> <unk> in the Big York City ?
Well , really good , maybe the team of stars .
You know what they call a <unk> baseball ?
By the way , that 's somebody who 's 10 taps , they get them four .
<unk> -- like the legendary Ted Williams , the last player at the League of the League of <unk> in order to run over 400 taps in a regular season .
Now I 'm going to give you this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable , or maybe less awkward , after what I 'll tell you today .
Suppose you have appendicitis , and they are derivatives of a surgeon who has also a record of 400 in <unk> .
That 's how it does n't work , right ?
Now suppose that they live in a remote place , and a dear being dear has two arteries , clogged coronary coronary arteries and your family doctor derived from a cardiologist whose record in <unk> is 200 .
But , you know something ?
She 's getting dramatically this year .
And your hits have been <unk> .
This is not working .
But I 'll ask you .
What do you think you have to be the average of the hits of a heart surgeon or prosthetic or a nurse or a <unk> <unk> ?
A thousand , very well .
And the truth of the issue is that no one in medicine knows the hits of a good surgeon , a doctor or a medical care .
What we do , though , is sending them to the world , and I include , with the mandate of being perfect .
That never , never , make a mistake and try to figure out how to do it well .
That was the message that <unk> when I was in medical school .
I was an obsessional student <unk> .
Once , a fellow in high school said that Brian did not study until a blood test .
Maybe .
I <unk> in my little <unk> , at the nursing home of the General Hospital in Toronto , not far from here .
And I learned all of memory .
From my kind of anatomy , I memorized the origin and the muscle labor , the branching from every artery that comes out of your aorta , the frequent <unk> and the not usual .
And I even knew a differential diagnosis about how to classify the kidney <unk> .
And meanwhile , more and more knowledge .
And I was going very well ; I graduated with honor .
And I 'd come from medical school with the impression that if you were all going to get everything , then would know everything , or as possible , close to everything , because I 'm going to stop the mistakes .
And it worked for a while , until I met Mrs. <unk> .
I was a resident in a college hospital here , in Toronto , when they brought the lady into the emergency service where I worked .
At the time , I was assigned to the cardiology service .
And when the emergency room requested to go to that cardiologist was going to go to that patient .
and reporting the chief of residents .
When I saw the lady <unk> , I was very quickly .
I heard a <unk> sound .
And when the <unk> , I heard a <unk> sound on both sides , which tells me a <unk> heart failure .
In these conditions , the heart stops working and , instead of pump the blood forward , blood goes to the lungs , these are <unk> , and that 's why it 's difficulty breathing .
And it was n't hard to diagnose .
I did it , and I started working on the treatment that would give him .
I gave aspirin to medication to alleviate the pressure on his heart .
I gave him <unk> , water pills , so that I could eliminate liquid .
And in an hour or two , she started feeling better .
And I felt pretty good .
And that 's when I made the first mistake , he sent him home .
I actually made two mistakes more .
He sent her home without talking to the chief of residents .
I did n't get the phone up , and I did what I should have done , which I was calling my boss and <unk> with him to see him .
And if my boss would have seen it , I would have been able to add training information .
Maybe I did for a good reason .
Maybe I did n't want to be a resident who was going to make constant attention .
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and capable of taking responsibility , that I could take care of my patients without even contact with my boss .
The second mistake I made was worse .
By send it to his house , I did n't recognize a voice in my inner voice , which was like , `` Goldman , it 's not a good idea . Do n't do it . ''
In fact , I was so insecure that until I asked the nurse who was taking care of the lady <unk> , `` Do you think it 's okay if you go to your house ? ''
And the nurse thought , and then he said , `` Yes , I think I 'll be good . ''
I remember that as if it was yesterday .
So he was signed up , and the ambulance with the ambulance they took her home .
And I went back to the hospital hall .
The rest of that day , that afternoon , I had a bad deal in the stomach .
But I went through my work .
At the end of the day , I packed to leaving the hospital and walked into the parking lot where my car was going to go home -- at that time , I did something that I do n't usually do .
He went home from the emergency room .
And another nurse there was not that I was taking care of the lunch lady before , but another one . He told me three words , those three words that most of the emergency doctors fear .
Other specialists are scared too , but there 's a <unk> in <unk> , and it 's that we see patients ' patients .
The three words are : Does you remember you ?
`` Does it remember the patient who sent home ? ''
I asked the other nurse 's other <unk> .
And she said , `` Well she went back , '' with the same tone of voice .
She was okay .
But I went back and on the edge of death .
By an hour of having come to his house , after I gave her the high , he suffered a collapse and his family called 911 ; the ambulance were brought in emergency room with an blood pressure pressure of <unk> , which means a severe shock .
I barely breathed and was blue .
The emergency staff will get all their resources .
They gave her medication to raise your blood pressure .
And they put an artificial ventilator .
I was shocked and driven up to the spinal cord .
I had a mixture of feelings , because after the <unk> was in intensive care and hoped against all of hope he would recover .
And in the age of two or three days , it was clear that we never <unk> .
I had an irreversible brain damage .
She got together .
And at eight or nine days , it was <unk> to what was happening .
And in ninth day , they let her go . The Mrs. <unk> , wife , mother and grandmother .
They say they never forget the names that they die .
That was my first experience .
And the next few weeks , I was fascinated by it and experienced for the first time the unhealthy unhealthy culture that exists in our medical culture , and I felt only , isolated , without feeling that healthy shame because you ca n't stand with your colleagues .
You make peace and you never make that mistake .
It 's that shame that leaves one teaching .
The unhealthy embarrassment of which I 'm talking about is the one that makes us feel very badly inside .
It 's the one that tells us not that what we did was that we were doing bad , but we 're bad .
And that felt .
And it was n't my boss ; he was a <unk> .
I talked to the family , and I 'm sure I would take things out and made sure that I did n't get rid of it .
And I kept going into those questions .
Why did n't I ask my boss ? Why did he send her home ?
And in my worst moments , why made a mistake so dumb ?
Why would I choose medicine ?
Little soon that feeling was <unk> .
And I started to feel better .
And in one day cloudy , he opened up the sky , and finally came out the sun , and I wondered if I would feel better again .
And I made a deal with myself in which if I had the efforts to be perfect to make more mistakes , I would return to those voices .
And so it was .
I went back to work .
But it came back .
Two years later , I was an assistant in the emergency department in a community hospital in northern Toronto , and I got a <unk> man with a pain on the throat .
I was very busy and in a hurry .
And he pointed out here .
I watched her throat , I was a little bit <unk> .
He gave him penicillin and he sent him home .
But as he went to the door , he was still pointing his throat .
Two days later , when I came to make my head shift , my boss asked me to talk to me standing in his office .
And I made the three words : Does you remember you ?
Remember the patient who saw for a pain throat ?
He went back and did n't have a <unk> <unk> .
He had a potentially deadly condition called <unk> .
You can look for Google . It 's an infection , not from your throat , but on top of the top , and it can cause the close of those pathways .
He , fortunately , not away .
You get antibiotics because he goes <unk> and recovered .
And I went through the same period of shame and <unk> , and then she stood up and went back to work , until it happened again and again , and again .
Two times in the same emergency shift , I did n't get appendicitis .
And it 's a great effort , especially to work in a hospital , because they went to 14 patients at the same time .
But in both cases , I did n't send them home and I do n't think it 's been a carelessness .
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation .
Order an X-ray of kidneys , but it turned out normal . A colleague who was checking the patient perceived some sensitivity to the bottom right corner and called the surgeon .
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea .
I read liquid order for <unk> , and I asked my colleague that I could take it .
I looked at it , and when some sensitivity to the lower right-hand corner , I called the surgeon .
They were both operated on , and they recovered well .
But every case <unk> me , I devoured .
But I 'd like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise , and as many colleagues say , it 's a mess .
The most significant have been for the last five years .
Just , embarrassed and without support .
And here 's the problem : if I ca n't release me and talk about my mistakes , if I ca n't find the <unk> that tells me what really happens , how can I share this with my colleagues ?
How do I show you this so that they do n't make the same mistakes ?
If I would walk into a place like this , I would have no idea what you think about me .
When was the last time you heard somebody talking about failure , after failure , after failure ?
Of course , at a party you 'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors , but you wo n't hear somebody talking about their own mistakes .
And if I knew and my colleagues also , that a <unk> in my hospital <unk> the wrong leg , believe me would have difficulty looking at her eyes .
This is the system that we have .
The total denial of mistakes .
It 's the system where there are two positions : the ones that make mistakes and the ones that ca n't sleep and the ones I know -- those who have bad results and those who have great results .
And it 's almost like a ideological reaction , as antibodies that start attacking that person .
We have the idea that if we do n't get the idea of medicine to the people that make mistakes , we will stay a safe system .
But that brings two problems .
In 20 years of diffusion and medical journalism , I 've done a poor medical research study and medical mistakes to learn as possible , from the first article I wrote for the Toronto , `` White <unk> , Black Art , '' white art , black art .
And what I learned is that mistakes are ubiquitous .
We worked in a system where mistakes happen every day , where one in 10 medications per hospital are wrong , or access is not right , and it 's not right , in a system where the infections are increasingly increasingly , and more numerous , causing chaos and death .
In this country , 8,000 Canadian doctors die by preventable doctors .
The U.S. Medical Institute set up 100,000 .
In both cases , it 's about <unk> <unk> , because we 're not tackling the problem as we should .
And so there are things .
A hospitable system where the knowledge is divided every two or three years , and we do n't care about it .
You sleep deprivation .
And we ca n't get rid of it .
We have cognitive biases that allow you to make a perfect history of a patient with chest pain .
Now , let 's take the same patient with a chest pain , and it comes filled with <unk> eyes and breath into alcohol , and suddenly , my story was <unk> of contempt .
It 's not the same story .
I 'm not a robot ; I do n't do things always the same .
And my patients are not cars . They did n't affect their symptoms always in the same way .
For all of this , mistakes are inevitable .
So if we take the system as we were taught , and we eliminate all the most likely professionals to error , well , no one left .
And what people do n't want to talk about their biggest cases ?
In my program , `` <unk> white , black art , '' is already a custom to say , `` This is my worst mistake . '' I would tell you all , from the E.R to the head of heart surgery , `` This is my worst mistake , '' blah , blah , blah , blah , blah -- `` What are your mistakes ? ''
And his students were <unk> , <unk> , down the head and spit saliva and start telling their stories .
They want to tell their stories , they want to share them .
So let me be able to say , `` Look , they do n't make the same mistake . ''
They need a context where we can do it .
They need a <unk> culture .
And it begins with a doctor every time .
The opening doctor is human , you know , you know , they accept it , and they 're not proud of their mistakes , but it tries to try to learn from what 's happened to teach others .
It shares their experiences with them .
It 's support for those who talk about their mistakes .
It brings other people 's mistakes not with the intention of catch them , but in a loving and support and support .
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings run the system , and when this happens , they make mistakes once .
My name is Brian Goldman Goldman .
I 'm a redefined doctor .
I 'm a human , make mistakes mistakes .
And I 'm sorry , but I 'm going to try to learn something that can convey to others .
I still do n't know what me think about me , but I can live with that .
And let me conclude with three personal words : I remember it .
Do you know how many decisions we take one day ?
Do you know how much we choose in a week ?
So recently , I made a survey over 2,000 people , and the average amount of election that says to pick an American American , it 's about 70 a day .
Not long ago , in a research followed for a week to a group of presidents companies .
The researchers recorded the different tasks for these executives and the time that they were going to make decisions related to those tasks .
They found that , on average , they 'd come up with <unk> jobs per week .
Naturally , every job included a lot of <unk> .
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less .
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time .
Now think of your choices .
You know how many people belong to the <unk> category , and how many of an hour ?
How do you look at the way that it deals with those decisions ?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems today : to choose before the choice of choices .
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions .
As I talk about this , I 'm going to ask you a few questions , and I need to know their answers .
When I ask a question , as I 'm blind , raise your hand just if you want to burn calories .
Otherwise , when I ask a question , if your answer is positive please take a pat .
And now my first question of the day : Are you ready to hear the problem of the overload problem ?
Thank you .
Now , being a graduate student at Stanford University , I 'm having this very high level supermarket -- at least at the time it was very sophisticated .
It was called <unk> .
It was almost like going to an amusement park .
There were 250 different kinds of mustard and vinegar , over 500 different types of fruit and vegetables and about 25 of bottled water , and this was when we had water from the faucet .
I loved going to that store , but I was on one occasion , why never buy anything ?
This is the olive oil shelf .
They had more than 75 different classes , including the ones who were in a sealed box that came from millennials .
I once decided to visit the manager , and I asked him , `` Does this strategy work to offer all these choices ? ''
He pointed out the buses full of tourists coming up every day , usually with their cameras .
We decided to do a little experiment with <unk> .
aisle .
They had two different classes .
We put a place to <unk> , just to the entrance to the store .
We put out there <unk> of six flavors , or 24 different flavors , and we looked at two things : First , what case people were willing to try to try and try the jars ?
More people stopped when there were 24 ; 60 percent , that when there were only six , 40 percent .
We also look at what case they were more likely to buy a jelly jar .
This is the opposite effect .
Where they stopped when there were 24 , only three percent came to buy cartoons .
What stood when six , we saw 30 percent bought jelly .
If we do the calculations , people had six times more likely to buy magazine if they found six , if they found 24 .
Well , deciding that we do n't buy jelly , we probably want to do it , we 're less good at conserve , but it turns out that the problem of the overload of choices are affecting us in any momentous decisions .
We decided to do n't decide , even though this is not about their own .
Now the theme of day : financial savings .
I 'm going to describe to you a study that I did with <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> and Hung <unk> , where we 're looking at decisions about savings for retirement than about one million Americans , from around 650 plans from this country .
We were interested in seeing if the number of fundraising offers available in retirement plans for retirement , 401 program , <unk> people to save for the future .
And we found that actually there was a correlation .
We had <unk> plans to go from two , to 59 different choices .
We found that the older age was used , there were less participation .
So if you look at the extremes , we see that in the plans that give two funds , the rate of participation was 70 percent or more , not as high as you would like .
And in the plans that we offered about 60 funding , the rate of participation descended to the '60s .
It turns out that even if you decide to participate , when there are more choices , even in that case , there are negative consequences .
So , for those of you who decided to participate , the older age of choices , more people are empowered to avoid stocks or investment funds .
In terms of more choices , they were more willing to invest in market financial accounts .
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we will have to optimize to optimize the future financial well-being .
In the previous decade , we 've seen three main negative consequences to offer more and more possibilities .
The most likely thing is that we make the decision , that <unk> even when it goes against the self-interest .
You 're more likely to take the worst decisions , in finance and health .
They 're more likely to pick up , less satisfying things , albeit objectively better .
The main reason is that we 're looking at this giant variety of <unk> , mustard and vinegar and jelly , but we 're not able to do the calculations to compare , contrast and choose from that awesome exhibition .
Today I want to add to you four simple techniques that we 've tried , in one way or another , in different research , so that you can rehearse in your business .
The first one is , <unk> .
You 've heard before , but it 's never been more true than today , than less .
People always bother when I say , `` <unk> . ''
They care about losing space in <unk> .
But actually , what we 're looking at most and more is that if you decide to cut , get rid of odd redundant choices , there will be an increase in sales , cost the costs , there 's a better experience in choice .
When <unk> & Gamble went from 26 different types of Head Head down to 15 , they saw a 10 percent increase in sales .
When the Cat Golden <unk> , I eliminated the products to trash that less sold , have increased profits in 87 percent , for two causes : higher sales and lower costs .
You know that supermarkets today , on average , they offer 45,000 products .
In a Walmart store , they 're offered 100,000 products .
But the largest store in the world today is <unk> , and it offers only 1,400 products -- a kind of tomato sauce can be on a can .
In the financial savings world , I think that one of the best examples that have come up with how to handle better choices is David <unk> , the Harvard program .
Every Harvard 's employees are automatically tracking a insurance fund .
They really want to pick , are offered 20 funds , not 300 or more .
You know , often people say , `` I do n't know how to cut .
These are all important options . ''
The first thing I do is , `` Tell them the differences there are between those choices .
And if your employees ca n't tell the difference , you ca n't do their clients . ''
This afternoon , before I started this session , I was talking with Gary .
He told me that he would be willing to offer people from this audience on a vacation with everything paid to the most beautiful road in the world .
Here , a description .
I want you to read it .
I 'm going to leave a few seconds to read , and then I want you to give you a round of applause if you 're ready to take the offer of Gary .
( Audience claps ) Okay . Anybody who 's ready to accept the supply .
Are n't it more ?
Well , I 'm going to show you something else .
You knew that there was a trick .
Who 's ready for that journey ?
I think I really had to hear more hands .
All right .
Actually , you had more information in the first round , than in the second one , but I can tell you that they thought the second time was more real .
Because the images made it look more real .
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of the overload of choice , which is <unk> .
And so people understand the differences between choices , they have to understand the consequences of every choice , and the consequences must feel very vividly , very concrete .
Why is people spend 15 to 30 percent more on average when they 're using debit cards or credit cards , which when uses cash cards ?
Because it does n't look real money .
It turns out that making it look more real , it can be a very positive tool for people to save more .
We did a study with <unk> <unk> and <unk> <unk> , about <unk> <unk> who worked in <unk> , these people were in a meeting where they were getting into a 401 plan .
At the meeting , that we 'll save exactly how we used to , we did a little addition .
What we added was that we asked the staff to think about the positive things that we would think of in their lives if they were saving more money .
With this <unk> , there was an increase in 20 and an increase in how many they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings accounts , four percent .
The third technique is <unk> .
We can handle more categories than choices .
For example , this is a study that we did in a magazine hallway .
We saw that in supermarkets , it 's over the course of the northeast of the northeast , the exhibition exhibition can contain from <unk> different types to <unk> .
But , you know ?
Because classification tells me how to distinguish it .
These are two pieces of jewelry .
One is called `` <unk> '' and the other , `` <unk> . ''
If you think the one on the left is <unk> , and the one on the right is <unk> , drop it .
( Audience claps ) Well , there are some .
If you think the one on the left is <unk> , and the one on the right is <unk> , drop it .
Well , something else .
It turns out that it 's right .
The one on the left is <unk> , and the one on the right is <unk> . But , you know something ?
This classification of classification is completely useless .
The categories must indicate something that you choose , not that defines it .
You often see this problem with these huge lists of funds .
Who are supposedly who are informing ?
My fourth category : <unk> complexity .
It turns out that we can handle a lot more information than we think about , if we just simplify it a little bit .
We have to increase complexity gradually .
I 'm going to show you an example of what I mean .
Let 's see a very complicated decision ; the purchase of a car .
This is a German maker of cars that allows us to push it completely .
You 've got to make 60 decisions , to assemble your car .
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that offers each one .
Color , color outside of the car . I have 56 possibilities .
Wonderful , box change , four choices .
What I 'm going to do is change the order where the decisions are coming .
So half of the clients are going to go from many choices , 56 colors , a few , four boxes .
The other half of the clients are going to go from a few choices , four boxes , 56 colors , many choices .
And what am I going to look at ?
How involved you are .
If you 're always <unk> the default button in each decision , this indicates that they 're overwhelmed , whether we 're losing them .
We found that they 're going from many choices to a few , push the default button over and over and over again .
We lose them .
If you go from a few choices to many , they keep there .
The same information , the same number of choices .
The only thing I did was disrupt the order in which information is presented .
If we start with the easy , you learn to choose .
Although I choose the box of change , I do n't say anything about the preferences of interior decoration , in all ways you 're preparing to choose .
We 're excited about a product that we 're building that now has more engaged with the process .
So to sum up .
Now , I 've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of no choice of choice : <unk> , eliminate strange alternatives -- <unk> , to make it real ; we can run more categories with less choices ; we 'll make complexity .
All these techniques I 've presented to you were designed to help handle the choices , or better , for you , to use them in your business , or for the people who serve .
It 's that I think the key to getting the best of choice is being careful to choose .
And the more careful we are in our choices better we can practice the art of choice .
Thank you very much .
In the 1980s , the communist Germany , the communist Germany , if you had a typewriter should be <unk> into the government .
And I had to record a <unk> text .
And this is why the government could track the origin of the texts .
If they found a written message with the wrong message you could track the footprint to the origin of the idea .
In the West , we do n't think that somebody could do this , how much that it will make freedom of expression .
We would never do that in our countries .
But today , in 2011 , if you buy a laser printer from any big manufacturer and print a page , that page will end up having some yellow yellow dots on each page that follow a pattern that makes them your own one and your printer .
That 's happening to us today .
And nobody seems to do a lot of it .
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us , the citizens .
And it 's one of the three main causes of problems in the network .
If we look at what 's happening in the online world , we can put together the attacks on their bombers .
There are three main groups .
There are the cybercriminals .
Like Mr. Byrne <unk> from Kiev in Kiev , in Ukraine .
The cybercriminals phone is very easy to understand .
These guys make money .
They use cyberattacks to make a lot of money , huge amounts .
There are really many instances of comedians online , billionaires , which would make money with their attacks .
This is Vladimir <unk> , from <unk> , Estonia .
This is Alfred Gonzalez .
This is Stephen Watt .
This is <unk> <unk> .
These are Matthew Anderson , <unk> <unk> and so on and so on .
These guys make their fortunes online , but they do it by illegal means by banking trojans , to rob money from our bills when we buy online , or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we bought into a infected computer .
The secret service of America , two months ago , froze the Swiss account of this guy , Sam Jain , and this realization had <unk> million dollars when it was frozen .
Mr. Jain runs out . You do n't know your stop .
And I say that today is more likely that any of us is a victim of a real crime victim .
And it 's very obvious that this is wrong with worse .
In the future , most of the crimes are happening online .
The second group of offense to importance that we observe today is not driven by the money .
There 's another thing that moves them , they motivate the protests , they motivate them the opinions , they motivate the laughter .
<unk> like Anonymous have gone into the last 12 months occupying a prominent role in online attacks .
Those are the three main spacecraft : criminals who do it for money , the <unk> as Anonymous that they do to protest and the last group are the national states of attack .
And then we see cases like the <unk> .
That 's a good example of a government attack against their own citizens .
<unk> is an authority of certification from the Netherlands , or , actually , it was .
The last fall of business last fall is due to a <unk> .
They made the safety of the site and they took <unk> .
Last week , I asked , in a meeting with the Dutch government , I asked one of the leaders whether to find the death of people who are going to be able to get from the attack on the attack .
And the answer of him was yes .
So how do people die from a attack on these ?
<unk> is an <unk> authority .
<unk> certificates .
What does the certificates serve ?
Well , you need to have a website with <unk> , services , <unk> <unk> , services like Gmail .
Except that we have a foreign authority .
<unk> certified certified .
And in the case of <unk> that happened exactly that .
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened , for example , in Egypt ?
Well , in Egypt , the protesters were awarded the police secret police police headquarters in April , 2011 , and during the building of the building , they found a lot of papers .
Among those papers , there was this folder called `` <unk> . ''
And inside that folder , there were notes on a company based on Germany that had sold the Egyptian government to <unk> the communications of the citizens of the country .
They had sold this tool for 3,000 euros to the Egyptian government .
The company headquarters is right here .
So Western governments provide tools to totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens .
But Western governments also do this to themselves .
For example , in Germany , just a couple of weeks ago , I found the <unk> <unk> ; a <unk> used by the government officers to investigate their own citizens .
If you 're suspicious in a good criminal case , it 's pretty obvious that your phone is <unk> .
But today , it goes beyond .
It <unk> the Internet connection .
They were even tools like the <unk> <unk> to infect our computer with a <unk> to allow them to see all the communication , and listen online discussions , to get our data .
When we think carefully about things like these obvious response should be , `` Well , it looks bad , but it does n't really affect me because I 'm an honest citizen .
Why do we worry ?
I have nothing to hide . ''
And that argument does n't make sense .
It 's in play privacy .
Now , privacy is no dispute .
It 's not a question of privacy against safety .
It 's about freedom against control .
If we could n't trust our governments today , 2011 , any right that we 're going to do today , it will be forever .
Will we be blind to any future government , in a administration that we could have in 50 years ?
These are the questions that you must be worried about in the next 50 years .
Here 's where I live . I live in Kenya , in the South Park of Nairobi National Park .
These are my dad 's cow , in the background , and behind the cows , the National Park .
The National Park does n't have fences at most of the south , which means that wild animals like zebras migrate outside of the park .
And predators , like lions , follow them , and this is what they do .
<unk> our livestock .
This is one of the ones that killed at night , and so soon we wake up in the morning and found it dead , I felt very bad because it was the only bull that we had .
My community , the <unk> , we think we came from from the sky with our animals and all the land for <unk> , and therefore we value them so much .
So I grew up hate a lot to lions .
They were dying that they protect our community and livestock , and they 're also upset about the problem .
So they kill lions .
This is one of the six lions that killed in Nairobi .
I think there are so few in the National Park of Nairobi .
A child in my community , at six at nine , is responsible for his father 's livestock and this was the same thing that happened to me .
So I had to find a way to solve this problem .
My first idea was to use fire , because I thought the lions were scared .
But I realized that actually did n't help , because I even helped lions see the shed away .
I did not give up . He went on .
A second idea was to use a <unk> .
And I was trying to trick the lions so they believed that he was close to the stable .
But lions are very smart . They came the first day and they saw the <unk> , and they were , but the second day , they went back and said , `` This thing does n't move , it 's always here . So jumped and killed animals .
So one night I was walking around the shed with a torch , and that day the lions did n't come .
I found that lions are afraid of the light that moves .
So I had an idea .
And I got a switch on which it turned on and turned out the lights .
And this is a little lamp from a broken flashlight .
Everything is going on .
As you can see , the solar panel load the battery , and the battery would burn the electricity into the small box . I call it a transformative .
And the <unk> box makes the lights up .
As you can see , the <unk> give up , because that 's where lions come from .
And that 's what lions see when they come from night .
<unk> lights and <unk> lions to think that I 'm walking through the pen , but I 'm sleeping in my bed .
Thank you .
So I put them in my house two years ago , and since then , we 've never got a problem with lions .
And the houses of the neighborhood heard the idea .
One of them is from this grandmother .
She had killed many animals a lot of animals and asked me if I could put the lights on .
I said yes .
I put them . You can see the bottom , these are the lights for lions .
Since then , I 've installed in seven houses in my community and are serving a lot .
And my idea is also used for all Kenya now , to scare other predators like hyenas , leopards , and also being used to make elephants from the farms .
Thanks to this invention , I was fortunate enough to get a scholarship on one of the best schools in Kenya , <unk> International School , and I 'm very excited .
My new school now is helping to raise funds and <unk> .
It even led my friends to my community and we installed lights in the houses that do n't , and I teach them how to put them .
So , one year ago , I was just a child in the coast of savanna , my father 's cows , and I used to see flying airplanes , and he said that one day would be inside one .
And today I am .
I got the opportunity to come in the plane for the first time to TED .
My great dream is to become an engineer and a pilot , when it grow up .
I used to hate lions , but now as my invention is saving my dad 's cow and lions , we can be with lions without any conflict .
<unk> <unk> . What in my language means , thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You do n't picture how exciting it is to hear a story like yours .
So you got a scholarship . Richard <unk> : Yes .
CA : You 're working on other electrical inventions .
What 's the next on your list ?
<unk> : My next invention is -- I want to do an electrical fence . CA : A fence ?
<unk> : I know you 've already invented electric fences , but I want to do mine .
CA : You know , you know , you know , once , you know , once , you know , and you -- <unk> : I 've tried it before , but I stopped because I got a <unk> . CA : On the canyon foot . Richard <unk> , you 're something big .
We 're going to get it in every step you give , my friend .
Thank you very much . <unk> : Thank you very much .
When I was a little kid , I thought my country was the best of the planet .
And I grew up singing a song called `` We do n't know anything . ''
And I felt very proud of it .
In school , we would move through all the time studying the story of Kim <unk> , but we never learned much from the rest of the world , except that America , South Korea , Japan are the enemies .
But sometimes I was wondering about the rest of the world , I thought I would spend my entire life in North Korea , until everything changed .
When I was seven years old , I saw my first public execution .
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal .
My family was not poor and I had never gone hungry .
But one day , in 1995 , my mom brought home a letter from my sister 's colleague .
That he said , `` When you 're doing this , the five members of the family will stop there in this world , because we have n't eaten in the last two weeks .
We 're <unk> together on the floor , and our bodies are so weak , we 're ready to die . ''
It was really altered .
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country .
At a short time , when I was walking in front of the train station , I saw something terrible I ca n't erase from my memory .
A woman without life was dead on the street , holding a child into her arms looking at his mother 's face without being able to do anything .
No one helped them , because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families .
A huge famine drops to North Korea in the middle of the '90s .
In the end , over a million North Koreans died during famine , and only few survived eating grass , insects and behold of tree .
They also became more and more frequent , the energy cuts , all around me was completely dark at night except by the sea lights in China , barely crossing the river from my house .
I always wondered why they had light and we did n't .
This is a North Korean photograph in the night compared to the neighboring countries .
This is the <unk> River , which serves the boundary between North Korea and China .
As you can see , the river can be very narrow at certain points , enabling North Koreans are secretly secretly .
But many die .
Sometimes , I saw bodies floating on the river .
I ca n't reveal the details of how I went out of North Korea , but I can only say that during the years of starvation , I was sent to China to live with distant relatives .
But I just thought I 'd be separated from my family for short time .
I could never have imagined I would take 14 years back to living together .
In China , it was hard to live as a young woman without my family .
I had no idea how life was like refugee .
But soon , I learned that it 's not only extremely difficult , but also dangerous , because African refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants .
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed , and it would be <unk> to a horrible destination back in North Korea .
One day , my worst nightmare became true , when I was arrested by the Chinese police and <unk> in the police station .
Somebody had accused me for being <unk> , so I would find my skills in the Chinese language and asked me a lot of questions .
I was <unk> .
I thought my heart was going to explode .
If it did n't look natural , it could be incarcerated and <unk> .
I thought my life was going to end .
But I managed to control my emotions and said the questions .
At the end of the interrogation , an officer told another , `` This was a fake report . She 's not <unk> . ''
And they let me go . It was a miracle .
Some North Koreans in China seek asylum in foreign embassies .
But many can be arrested by the Chinese police and <unk> .
These women were very lucky .
Although they captured them , they were eventually released after an international pressure .
These North Koreans were not so lucky .
Every year , countless Koreans are captured in China and <unk> North Korea , where they are tortured , imprisoned or executed in public .
Although I was lucky to escape , many other Koreans have not had so lucky .
It 's tragic that North Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard to survive .
Even after learning a new language and finding work , all of their world can be able to do in a moment .
That 's why , after 10 years of hiding my identity , I decided to risk going to South Korea .
And I started a new life again .
<unk> in South Korea was a much greater challenge than I expected .
English was very important in South Korea , I had to start learning my third language .
Also , I understood that there was a huge gap between North and South .
We 're all Koreans , but inside , we 've come to be very different because of 67 years of divide .
He even went through an identity crisis .
Am I <unk> or <unk> ?
Where am I ? Who am I ?
Suddenly , there was no country that I could call with pride .
Although we were going to go to the life in South Korea , it was n't easy , I made a plan . I started studying for the university exam .
Just when I was beginning to interview my new life , I got an alarming call .
The North Korean authorities would have some money that sent my family , and , as punishment , my family was going to become displaced to the force to a location outside .
They had to run away immediately .
So I started planning on how to help them escape .
North Koreans have to travel long distances on the way towards freedom .
It 's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea .
So ironically , I took a flight to China and walked to the border with North Korea .
Because my family could n't speak Chinese , I had to guide them , somehow , for over 3,000 miles across China , and then across Southeast Asia .
The journey in <unk> took a week , and we were almost caught a number of times .
Once , our bus was stopped and tackled by a police officer .
He asked everybody 's identification . And he started asking questions .
As my family could n't understand Chinese , I thought my family was going to be arrested .
When the Chinese officer came to my family , I impulse on my family , and I told him that they were <unk> .
I looked at me , but fortunately I believed me .
We did all the way down to the printers .
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe the border guards in Laos .
But even after the border , my family was arrested and incarcerated for crossing the frontier .
After paying tickets and bribes , my family was released in a month .
But in time , my family was arrested and incarcerated again in the capital capital .
This was one of the lowest dots in my life .
I did everything by releasing my family , and we were so close , but my family was <unk> in prison to cut from South Korea embassy .
I was going to go between the immigration office and the police station , desperately trying to liberate my family .
But it did n't have enough money to pay more bribes or speeding tickets .
I lost hope .
At that time , or the voice of a man will ask , `` What 's the problem ? ''
I was so surprised that a stranger would mind asking .
With my poor English , and with a dictionary , I explained to him the situation , and without doubt , the man went to the ATM , and I gave me the rest of the money for my family and the other two North Koreans .
I thank all of my heart , and I asked him , `` Why do I help me ? ''
`` I 'm not helping you , '' he said .
`` I 'm helping the village <unk> . ''
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life .
The kind of unknown unknown to a new hope for me and for the <unk> people when we needed more .
And I showed me that the goodness of strangers and the support of the international community are really the rays of hope that the <unk> people need .
Over time , after our long journey , my family and I met in South Korea .
But achieve their freedom is only half of the battle .
Many Koreans are separated from their families , and when they went to a new country , they start with a little bit or no money .
So , we can benefit from the international community with education , from the English language practices , and more .
We can also act as a bridge between people in North Korea and the rest of the world .
Because many of us are still in contact with familiar contact , and we 're sending information and money that 's helping to change North Korea from the inside .
I 've been very lucky , I 've gotten a lot of help and inspiration in my life , so I want to help Koreans an opportunity to thrive with international support .
I 'm sure that you 're going to see more and North Koreans are <unk> around the world , including on the TED stage .
Thank you .
I live in South Central Center .
This is South Central , <unk> stores , rapid food , <unk> land .
So the city planners came together and they thought , we 're going to change the name of South Central Center to represent something else , so it 's changed to South Los Angeles , as if this is going to be wrong in the city .
This is the Southern L.A. . <unk> of <unk> , fast food , <unk> land .
So , like <unk> millions of other Americans , I live in a food desert , the L.A. , South Central L.A. , home from food places to take and eat in the car .
The curious thing is that the places of food to carry killed more people than food in the car .
People are dying of diseases treatable in L.A. , South Central L.A. .
For example , the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times greater than , say , Beverly Hills , which is about 15 miles away .
I can emphasize that this will happen .
And I wonder , how would you feel if they did n't have access to healthy food , and if every time you go out home , you see the bad effects that the current food system has in their neighborhood ?
I see chairs from wheels bought and sold as used cars .
I see dialysis Learning centers like Starbucks .
And I think this must stop .
I think the problem is the solution .
Food is the problem , and it 's the solution .
I also got tired of running 45 minutes back and forth to buy an apple that does n't have pesticides .
What I did , I was planting a food forest in front of my house .
In a sliver of land we call a gardening .
That 's 45 feet .
The point is , it belongs to the city .
But you have to keep it .
I said , `` Well , I can do what comes to me wins , because it 's my responsibility and I have to keep it . ''
That 's how I decided to keep it .
So my group and I , L.A. Green <unk> , we put it together and we started planting our food forest , <unk> trees , you know , the nine whole vegetables .
What we do , we 're kind of a paid group ahead of all of the backgrounds , all of the city and completely voluntary and everything we do is for free .
And the garden , was beautiful .
Then someone complained .
The city got me on top of , and in summary , they gave me a <unk> saying that I had to remove my garden , the <unk> was made warrant .
And I said , `` Come on , really ?
A judicial order for planting food in a piece of land nobody cares ? '' So I was like , `` Well , let 's go . ''
Because this time was n't going to happen .
L.A. Times had a story written by Steve <unk> , and he talked to the <unk> and one of the members of Green <unk> , who put a petition in <unk> , with 900 signatures , we were a success .
We had victory in our hands .
And my <unk> was even called to say that they were <unk> and loved what we were doing .
I mean , let 's go , why do n't you ?
L.A. is the city of America .
It 's <unk> land .
That 's equivalent to 20 Central Parks .
That 's enough space to plant <unk> million tomato plants .
Why the hell does n't it look like this ?
Let 's start a plant to give a thousand , 10,000 seeds .
When a dollar of <unk> will give you 75 dollars of output .
It 's my hymn , when I tell people , cultivate your own food .
Your own food is like print your own money .
You see , I have a legacy for South Central Center .
I grew up there . I 'll give my kids out there .
And I 'm glad to be part of this <unk> reality that was <unk> for me , and I 'm going to manufacture my own reality .
You see , I 'm an artist .
<unk> is my graffiti , I 'm growing my art .
Such a graffiti artist , which <unk> walls , I would collect soils , <unk> .
I use the garden , the land , like a piece of canvas , and plants and trees , are my <unk> of that canvas .
You 'd be surprised to see what the Earth can do . If you let it be your canvas .
You simply ca n't imagine how amazing it is a sunflower and how it affects people .
What happened ?
I witnessed how my garden became an education tool , of transformation from my neighborhood .
To change the community , you have to change the composition of land .
We are the land .
You 'd be surprised to see how it affects kids .
<unk> is the most therapeutic and provocative act that they can do , especially in a <unk> .
Also , you get strawberries .
I remember one occasion , who came up with a mother and her daughter , were like the 10:30 de night , and they were in my garden , salt and looked very <unk> .
I , well , man , I felt bad at me , and I said , you know , you do n't have to do this .
This is on the street for one reason .
I felt shame in seeing people who were so close to me with hunger , and this only reinforces why I do this , people ask me , `` End , do n't temes which people are going to rob your food ? ''
What I say , `` For God , I 'm not afraid you 're going to steal . ''
That 's why it 's in the street .
That 's what it 's about .
I want you to take it , but instead , I want to give you your health . ''
There was another time when I put a garden in a <unk> shelter in downtown Los Angeles .
They were these guys , who helped me download the truck .
It was fabulous , they shared their stories about how this had affected and how they used to plant her mom and her grandmother , and it was fabulous to see how this changed , so it was just for a moment .
So Green <unk> has come to plant maybe 20 gardens .
We 've had , like 50 people who come from , work and participate , all in voluntary plan .
If the kids , they grow <unk> , the guys eating <unk> .
If you grow tomatoes , you eat tomatoes , but if none of this is taught , if you 're not taught how food affects your mind , and your body , they eat blind what you put in front of them .
I see young people who want to work , but they have this thing that they 're stuck in . I see color boys who are on this path designed for them , which does n't take them anywhere .
With gardening , I see an opportunity where we can train these kids who are engaged in their communities to have a sustainable life .
And when we do this , who knows ?
Maybe the next George Washington will be produced .
But if we do n't change the composition of the land , we 'll never .
Now this is one of my plans , this is something I want to do .
I want to plant a whole block of gardens , where people can share food on the same block .
I want to take containers and turn them into healthy cafes .
Do n't get me wrong .
I 'm not talking about free things , because it 's not sustainable .
The curious thing about sustainability is that you have to get it .
What I 'm talking about is putting people to work , get the guys out of the street , who know the joy , the pride and the honor of growing their own food , opening farmers of farmers .
What I want to do here , we have to make it sexy .
I want everybody to become <unk> <unk> , <unk> , gardeners <unk> .
We have to change the script of what 's a <unk> .
If you 're not a gardener , you 're not a <unk> .
You get them to pick them up with your outfit ?
That 's their weapon of choice .
In sum , if you want to meet me , well , if you want to see me , I do n't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about doing some crap -- to talk about doing some crap .
If you want to see me , come to the garden with your eyebrows that we could plant something .
Peace . Thank you .
Thank you .
You probably all agree with me that this is a very nice road .
It 's made out of asphalt , and asphalt is a good material to drive , but not always , especially not in days as today , in which it rains much .
You can have a huge amount of water in the asphalt that makes it .
And especially if you go on your bicycle , and these cars pass , that 's not very nice .
Also , asphalt can make a lot of noise .
It 's a noisy material , and if we build roads , like in the Netherlands , very close to cities , we want a silent road .
The solution to that is to make roads from porous <unk> roads .
<unk> asphalt , a material that we use now in most of the roads of the Netherlands , has pores and the water can go through it , so that all the rain water will flow sideways and have a road that 's easy to drive , and it 's not going to make water water .
Noise also disappear in these pores .
Because it 's very hollow , all the noise disappear , so it 's a very quiet road .
It also has a disadvantages , of course , and the downside of this road is that you can undo .
What is to get rid of ? You see that in this road , the stones of the surface are coming out .
First stone , then more and more and more and so forth , and then -- well , I 'm not going to do that . But you can harm your windshield , and they 're not happy with that .
And finally , this can also take more and more damage .
Sometimes they can create bump into that .
Ah . It 's ready .
<unk> , of course , that you can turn into a problem , but we have a solution .
So here you can actually see how the damage arises in this material .
It 's an porous asphalt as I said , so it only has a small amount of <unk> between stones .
Because of the elements , the ultraviolet light , to oxidation , this <unk> , this <unk> , the glue between the <unk> , they 're <unk> , and if you tap down , they will be <unk> and <unk> from <unk> .
So if you drive through the road , you 'll get the <unk> -- as we saw here .
To solve this problem , we think of <unk> materials .
If we can make this material become <unk> , then we probably have a solution .
So what we can do is use steel wool from that to clean up <unk> , and we can cut the steel wool into very small chunks , and we can mix those little pieces with the <unk> .
So we have asphalt with little pieces of steel wool in it .
Then you need a machine , like what you see here , you 're using to cook -- a induction machine .
The induction can heat , especially steel , is very good at that .
So what you 've got to do is , it 's heat the steel , melt the <unk> , the <unk> flow through these <unk> and the stones will come back again to the surface .
Today I used a microwave oven today , because I ca n't bring the big induction machine here .
The microwave oven is a similar system .
I put the sample , which I 'm going to take away to see what happened .
This is the sample that comes out now .
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples .
We tried lots and lots of samples there , and then the government , really saw our results , and they thought , `` Well , that 's really interesting . We have to try . ''
So we donated a piece of road , 400 meters from the <unk> highway , where we had to make a lane lane test this material .
So that 's what we did there . You see where we were doing the road test , and then , of course , this road will last several years without any harm . That 's what we know about practice .
We take lots of samples from this road and we test them in the lab .
We made the samples out , we made a lot of charge in them , and then we think about our induction machine and the meeting , and we turned them back .
We can repeat that many times .
Well , to conclude , I can tell you that we 've made a material using steel fibers , bringing these fibers together , using the course of induction for , actually , increase the life of the surface of the road , you can even double the life of the surface .
And now , of course , they 're curious about if this also worked .
We still have the sample here . It 's pretty hot .
Actually , it 's got to cool first before I can show you how it acts .
But I 'm going to make an attempt .
Let 's see . Yes , it worked .
Thank you .
When I was 11 years old , I remember having woken up one morning with the <unk> sound in my house .
My father was listening to BBC News , News in his little gray radio .
He had a big smile in his face that was unusual at those times , because the news is generally <unk> .
`` The Taliban went ! '' `` I screamed at my father .
I did n't know what it meant , but I could see that my father was very , very happy .
`` Now you can go to a real school , '' he said .
One morning I 'll never forget .
A real school .
You see , I was six years old when the Taliban ran out of Afghanistan and made them illegal to go to school .
For the next five years , I joined myself as a child to <unk> my older sister , who could n't be alone outside , to go to a secret school .
It was the only way that we were able to educate them .
Every day , we made a different route so that no one could be able to suspect where we were going .
We had to hide the books in the market to look like we were shopping .
School was in a house , more than 100 of us stuffed into a small room .
It was nice in the winter , but extremely hot in summer .
We all knew that we were going to promote our lives ; the teacher , the students and our parents .
Once in the time , the school suddenly closed for a week , because Dutch Taliban .
We always wondered what they knew about .
Are they following us ?
Did you know where we lived ?
We were <unk> , but still , school was where we wanted to be .
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was <unk> and daughters a treasure .
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time .
A total clash of a remote province in Afghanistan . <unk> in that his daughter , my mother , went to school , and that 's why his father would get it .
But my educated mother became a master .
This is her .
He was charged two years ago , just to turn our home in school for girls and women in our neighborhood .
And my father , this is , was the first of his entire family in getting education .
There was no doubt that their children had to receive education , even their daughters , despite the Taliban , despite the risks .
For him , there was a better risk to educate her children .
Over the years of the Taliban , I remember there were moments where I was very frustrated by our life , and I was always scared and I would n't see a future .
I wanted to give up , but my father said , `` <unk> , my daughter , my daughter , you can lose everything you have in life .
You can steal your money . They can force you to leave your house during a war .
But there 's one thing that will always be with you , what 's here , and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education , we 'll do it .
So , do you still want to not continue ? ''
I 'm 22 today .
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed for decades of war .
Less than six percent of women 's women have more than high school , and if my family had n't been so engaged with my education , I would be one of them .
Instead , I find myself proud to graduate in <unk> College .
When I returned to Afghanistan , my grandfather , which was home for her home for the courage to educate her daughters , was one of the first to congratulate me .
He 's not just my college title of my college degree , but I was the first woman , and I 'm the first woman , who takes him on the streets of Kabul .
My family believes in me .
I dream in big , but my family has even bigger dreams for <unk> .
That 's why I 'm the global ambassador ambassador , a global campaign to educate women .
That 's why I cofounded <unk> , the first and maybe the only private school for girls in Afghanistan , a country in which it 's still risky for girls to go to school .
What 's exciting is I see the students in my school with the strong desire to harness the opportunity .
And I see their parents and their families that , like mine , who are <unk> for them , even though and even in front of a daunting opposition .
As Ahmed . It 's not his true name , and I ca n't show you your face , but Ahmed is the father of one of my students .
Less than a month ago , he and her daughter went out of the way from <unk> to their village , and literally , they escaped from being killed by a bomb on the road , for minutes .
When you get to his house , it 's the phone , a voice had to notice that if he kept sending her daughter to school , you would go back to him .
`` <unk> , if you want , '' he said , `` But I wo n't hurt the future of my daughter for their old and <unk> ideas . ''
What I 've been realizing about Afghanistan , and it 's something that is often forgotten in the West , is that behind most of the people we <unk> , there 's a father who recognized the value of his daughter , and he sees that the success of her own success .
It does n't mean that our mothers have n't been key to our success .
In fact , they 're often the first compelling <unk> of their daughters , but in the context of a society like Afghanistan , we need the support of men .
Under the Taliban , the girls who went to school are in school , remember , was illegal .
But today , over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan .
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America .
I find that Americans see the fragility of changes .
I 'm afraid these changes did n't last long , after the retirement of American troops .
But when I go back to Afghanistan , when I look at the students in my school and their parents who were saying for them , the preparation , I see a <unk> future and an durable change .
For me , Afghanistan is a country of hope and endless possibilities , and every day <unk> girls remember me .
Like me , they dream big .
Thank you .
Never , I 've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in exile -- `` <unk> , resists Gaddafi . <unk> against him .
But you never come back and you never come back , Gaddafi . ''
They 've spent nearly two years since the <unk> revolution was inspired by the <unk> of mass <unk> and the Tunisian Egyptian revolution .
One forces with many other citizens <unk> , inside and outside of the country to call a day of anger and starting a revolution against the emerging regime of Gaddafi .
And we did it ; it was a great revolution .
Women and young men <unk> were at the cutting edge , pushing the fall of the regime , carrying banners and social justice .
You 've shown a courage that has shown that the brutal dictatorship of Gaddafi .
You 've shown a great sense of solidarity from the Far East , to the west , to the south .
Finally , after a <unk> period of war and a loss of about 50,000 dead , we managed to liberate our country and overthrowing the tyrant .
Yet Gaddafi left a heavy load , a legacy of tyranny , corruption and <unk> seeds .
For four decades , the emerging regime of Gaddafi destroyed the infrastructure , the culture and the moral structure of the <unk> society .
Be aware of the devastation and the challenges , I 've wanted , next to many other women , rebuild civil society , pushing an inclusive , inclusive transition to democracy and reconciliation .
There were about 200 organizations been established in <unk> , and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi , about 300 in <unk> .
After a 33 years of exile , I went back to Libya , and with a unique enthusiasm , I began to organize workshops about developing skills and leadership skills .
With an amazing group of women , we founded the Women of Women <unk> Women <unk> by the Peace , a movement of women , leaders , very diverse orientation , to advocate for the <unk> range of the woman and for our right of participation equal to the building of democracy and peace .
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the <unk> period , an environment that was increasingly <unk> , which are <unk> from selfish policies of dominance and exclusion .
Over time , our initiative was approved and successful .
Women won a <unk> percent of the National Congress in the first elections for 52 years .
However , slowly , the euphoria of the elections and the revolution as a whole , they were disappearing ; every day , we found the news of violence .
One day we woke up with the news of the <unk> of the former mosques and Sufi graves .
And another day , you know , with the news of the murder of the American ambassador and the attack on <unk> .
Another day woke up with the news of the official killing of the military .
And every day , every day we woke up with the militias of the militia and its full violations of human rights from prisoners and their lack of respect of law .
Our society , formed by a revolutionary mindset , getting more and more , and it 's gone away from ideals and principles of freedom , dignity , social justice , we had at first .
intolerance , <unk> and revenge became the cones of the consequences of the revolution .
I 'm not here today at all to inspire us with our history of success list and elections .
I 'm here today to say that we , as a nation , we pick bad , we make the wrong decision .
We do n't prioritize well .
Because the elections were not brought in peace , stability and security to Libya .
The <unk> list and the <unk> between candidates and candidates brought peace and reconciliation ?
No , they did n't .
What happened ?
Why is our society still increasing and dominated by selfish policies of dominance and exclusion , both by men like women ?
Maybe what was missing was not just women , but women 's values of compassion , mercy and inclusion .
Our society needs the national dialogue and the creation of consensus than the election needed , that just promote polarization and divide .
Our nation needs a qualitative representation of the female more than it 's going to need numerical , quantitative representation of it .
We need to stop acting as agents of outrage and calling days of anger .
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy .
We need to develop a feminine speech , which not only <unk> it , but it will also put mercy rather than revenge , collaboration instead of competition , inclusion rather than exclusion .
These are the ideals that an Libya , performed by war , desperately needs to achieve the end of peace .
Because peace has an alchemy that tries to <unk> and <unk> between female perspectives and male perspectives .
That 's the real <unk> .
We need to figure out that in an existential way before we do it <unk> .
According to a <unk> <unk> -- the peace -- `` It 's the word of the gracious God , `` <unk> , compassionate ] . ''
At the time , the word `` <unk> , '' which is known in all of the <unk> traditions , has the same root in Arabic that the word `` <unk> '' -- uterus -- -- <unk> the feminine and motherly , which spans the whole humanity of which men and women , which all tribes and all the towns have been trafficked .
And so , just like the uterus covers completely the embryo , that grows inside , the divine matrix of compassion starts out the whole existence .
That 's how it says , `` My mercy involves all things . ''
That 's how it says , `` My mercy is <unk> about my anger . ''
That all of the people are being told by the grace of mercy .
Thank you .
I 'm here today to talk to you about a disturbing question , which has a equally disturbing response .
It 's about the secrets of domestic violence , and the question I 'm going to address is why they all do always : Why does she stay ?
Why was someone going to stay with a man who sticks with him ?
I 'm not a psychiatrist , no social worker , no expert in domestic violence .
I 'm just a woman with a story to tell .
I was 22 years old . He had just <unk> at Harvard University .
I had moved to New York for my first job as a writer and editor in the <unk> magazine .
I had my first apartment , my first <unk> green Express Express , and he had a very big secret .
My secret was that many , many times , the man , that I believed my twin soul , led to my head with a gun , <unk> with <unk> bullets .
The man , who I loved most than anyone in this world , put a gun in my head and threatened to kill me more times than I can remember .
I 'm here to tell you the story of `` crazy love , '' a psychological trap , singular assault , where they fall every year , millions of women , and even some men .
It could even be your story .
I do n't look like a typical survivor from domestic violence .
I 'm <unk> in English at Harvard University , and I have an MBA at Harvard Business School .
I 've spent most of my career working for `` Fortune 500 , '' among them Johnson & Johnson , Leo <unk> and the Washington Post .
I 'm about 20 years married with my second husband , and we have three children .
My dog is a black <unk> and I lead a <unk> Odyssey .
So my first message to you is that domestic violence can go to anyone , all races , all religions , all religions , all the income levels and education .
It 's everywhere .
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women , which is a problem of women .
Not exactly .
More than 85 percent of <unk> are men , and domestic abuse only happens in intimate relationships , interdependent and long duration or , in the families , the last place that we 'd like , or we would expect to find violence -- which is why , the domestic abuse is so puzzling .
I just would have told you that it would be the last person in the world who would run with a man who was stuck with it , and actually I was a very typical victim because of my age .
I was 22 , and in the United States , the women of 16 and 24 , they have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than the ages of other ages , and over 500 women of age are killed every year by partners , boyfriends and abusive husbands in the United States .
I was also a typical victim , because I knew nothing about domestic violence , your warning signals or their patterns .
I met <unk> in a cold and rainy night of January .
I was sitting next to my side in New York City , and he started with me .
He told me two things .
The first one was that he also had a <unk> university , and I was working on a very important bank on Wall Street .
But the most struck me of that first encounter was that it was ready and fun , and that looked like a kid in the field .
He had some big <unk> apples , and a wheat hair , and it seemed so sweet .
One of the smartest things that made me <unk> , from the beginning , was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the mate .
He did everything about it on a pedestal on a pedestal .
We started out and I loved it all about me , who was ready , who had gone to Harvard , who had been passionate about helping teenage girls , and my work .
I wanted to know everything about my family , my childhood , my dreams and illusions .
I believed in me , as a writer and as a woman , as no one had ever done it .
And it was why the bachelor 's in that little school and the work on Wall Street and his bright future had so much importance to it .
I did n't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is seduced and <unk> the victim .
And I did n't know that the second step is <unk> .
Now , the last thing I wanted to do was go from New York City and leave my dreams , but I thought I had to make a sacrifices for your partner , so he accepted , I quit my work and <unk> and I went together from Manhattan .
I had no idea that I was falling into a crazy love , which was entering a physical , financial trap and psychological physicist .
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to introduce the threat of violence to see how it reacts .
And here 's where those guns come in .
And as soon as we moved to New England , you know , that site where you 're supposed to be so sure they had to feel so sure they bought three gun .
One was in the <unk> of the car .
And another one he kept under the pillow in our bed and the third time in his pocket .
And he said he needed those guns because of trauma that lived small .
I needed them to feel safe .
But those guns actually were a message to me and , even though I had never lifted up my hand , my life was already serious danger , every minute of every day .
The first physical attack was five days before our wedding .
It was the seven in the morning , and I still had <unk> .
Five days later , when the 10 bruises on my neck had disappeared , I put my mom 's girlfriend 's girlfriend and married me .
Despite what had happened , I was sure that we were living happily forever , because I loved it , and he also wanted me so much .
And I was very , very frightening .
He just felt very overwhelmed by the wedding and for the fact of making a family with me .
It had been an isolated accident , and I would never make any harm .
I spent two times more in our honey moon .
The first time I was driving into a secret beach , and I lost it , and he gave me so strong in the head that we would spend several times against the window of the car .
And then a couple of days later , driving back from our honey 's moon , <unk> through traffic and threw a Big Mac cold to the face .
<unk> kept a or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage .
I was telling me when I thought it was the only one in this situation .
One of three American women is victim of domestic violence or bullying at some point in their life , and the CDC for Disease Control that every year 15 million children are abused , 15 million .
So , actually , I had very good company .
So going back to my question : Why did I stay ?
The answer is simple .
I did n't know he was abusing me .
Instead , I was a very strong woman , in love with a profoundly <unk> man , and was the only person in the world who could help <unk> their demons .
The other question that everybody is doing is : Why do n't it just go ?
Why did n't I go ? I could have gone anywhere .
For me , this is the saddest and painful question that people do , because we , the victims , we know something that normally you ignore : It 's incredibly dangerous to abandon a <unk> .
Because the last phase in the pattern of domestic violence is kill her .
More than 70 percent of the killing cases of domestic violence occur after the victim has finally put into the relationship , after getting out , because then the <unk> has no longer have anything to lose .
Other implications include the permanent harassment , even after the <unk> has become married , <unk> of financial resources , and the manipulation of the family judicial system to bring it to the victim and their children , who are usually forced by judges to spend time with the man that we 're attending to their mother .
And we still keep asking why is n't it going to be ?
I was able to go , and I was able to go from a last beat beat that beat my denial .
I realized that the man who loved so much , would have killed me if he was allowed .
So I broke the silence .
I told everybody : the police , to my neighbors , my friends and family , full of strangers , and I 'm here today because all of you helped me .
We have the tendency to <unk> victims as scary headlines , women <unk> , damaged goods .
The question , `` Why is it left ? ''
For some people , it 's a way of saying `` guilt is theirs for staying , '' as if the victims were <unk> in love with men who want to destroy us .
But since I posted `` intolerable love , '' I 've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who also escaped , that they learned a lesson from what happened to them and that they would promote their lives of joyful and happy lives , wives and mothers , completely free of violence , like mine .
Because it turns out that I 'm actually a victim and a survivor of domestic violence .
I got married with a man who was cute , kind of , and we have those three kids .
I have that black <unk> and also that <unk> .
What I 'm not going to get back to ever have never more , ever , is a pistol charged with my head on the hands of somebody who says he wants me .
Right now , the same time , you 're thinking , `` <unk> , that 's fascinating ! '' or `` <unk> , how silly it was , '' but all this time I 've actually been talking about you .
I assure you that there are a few people , that I 'm listening to me right now , who are being abused , or that they are being abused , or they are <unk> themselves .
<unk> could be affecting their daughter , their sister , their best friend right now .
I was able to end my crazy love love breaking the silence .
And I keep doing it today .
It 's my way to help other victims , and it 's my last request to you .
Talk about what you 've heard here .
abuse will just thrive in silence .
They have the power of domestic violence just shedding light on it .
We need the victims of the world .
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence .
Take the abuse of the light talking about it with your children , their coworkers , their friends and family .
It 's going to take their vision of survivors as fantastic people and lovely people , which have a full future .
And we would take the early signs of violence to intervene consciously , to slow down their climb and show the victims of safe security .
Together we can turn our beds , our tables and our families in the safe oasis and peaceful they should be .
Thank you .
Hi . This is Cameron Russell , and for a while , I 'm a model .
To be precise , for 10 years .
And I feel that right now there 's an awkward tension in the room because I should n't have dressed up like this , luckily , I 've brought clothes to change .
This is the first shift of clothing on a TED stage , so you have a lot of kind of <unk> , I think .
If some of the women were horrified when I came up , they do n't have to be able to do now , but I 'll find out later on Twitter .
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think about me in just 10 seconds .
Not everybody has that opportunity .
These heels are very uncomfortable -- less bad than I do n't have to use them .
The worst part is to pass this sweater through the head , because it 's when you 're going to laugh at me , so do n't do anything as I 'm covering my head .
All right .
Why have I done this ?
It 's been embarrassing .
Well , I hope not as much as this photo .
The appearance is powerful , but also surface .
I 've changed totally what they thought about me in six seconds .
And in this photo , I had never had a boyfriend in real life .
And the photographer was totally awkward , and the photographer told me that I would turn my back to the back , and I was going to take the hair 's hair .
Of course , except with surgery or an artificial <unk> like the one that I did two days ago for work , there 's very little that we can do to transform our appearance , which , although superficial and unchanging , has a huge impact on our lives .
So today , to me , being brave means being honest .
I 'm on this stage because I 'm a model .
Because I 'm a beautiful , white woman , and in my workforce , that 's being a sexy girl .
I 'm going to answer the questions that people always do , but I 'm really honest .
The first question is , how does it get to be model ?
And I always say , `` A <unk> discovered me , '' but that does n't mean anything .
The real reason I made a model is because I won the genetic lottery , and I 'm a beneficiary of a heritage , and maybe you 're wondering what this inheritance is .
Well , in the last centuries we have not only defined beauty as health and youth and symmetry , which we are biologically programmed to admire , we 've also associated with a high and <unk> shape , to womanhood and a white skin .
And that 's my inheritance , heritage that I 've known to leverage for money .
And I know that there are people in the audience who now shows you skeptical , and maybe there are some <unk> who say -- Hold on . You know , they 're Naomi , <unk> , Joan <unk> , Wen Wn .
First of all , you know , so much of models . It 's amazing .
But unfortunately , I have to report that in 2007 , a Ph.D. student at NYU , I told all and every single models on the runway , and the <unk> models , only 27 , is to say , less than four percent , were n't white .
The next question that people always do is : Can it be a model when it 's bigger ?
And my first answer is : I do n't take care of that .
But then , what I really would tell each of these little girls is : Why ? You can be whatever you want .
You can be president of the United States , or the inventor of the next Internet , or a <unk> surgeon , and a poet , which would be awesome , because you 're the first one .
If after this spectacular list , they still insist , no , no , Cameron , I want to be a model , then I 'm going to tell you my boss .
Because I 'm not in charge of nothing , and you could be the head of the U.S. <unk> magazine or the CEO director of H & M or the next Steven <unk> .
To say that you want to be a model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you 're older .
It 's out of your control , it 's amazing , and it 's not a job that you can choose .
I 'm going to demonstrate everything I learned in 10 years as a model , because , unlike <unk> surgery , it can be summed up right now .
I do n't know what happened there .
Unfortunately , once you 've finished your studies , and you have a rsum , and you have a little bit of jobs to your back , no matter what you say , I mean , if you said that you want to be president of the United States , but your rsum say , `` Model ' underwear for 10 years , people would look weird .
The next question that people are always doing is if all the photos were going to get away .
And yes , it 's basically <unk> all the pictures , but that 's just a small part of what happens .
This was the first photo that they took me , and also the first time I used a bikini , and I did n't even have my period yet .
I know we 're entering the personal field , but it was a girl .
So I looked at my grandmother a few months before .
These two photos are the same day .
My friend came with me .
Here I 'm at a pajama party a few days before the photos for the French <unk> .
Here I am with my football team and the V magazine .
And this is me today .
And I hope you 'll notice that I 'm not me in those pictures .
They are creations of a group of professionals , <unk> , <unk> , photographers and <unk> , and all of their <unk> and <unk> and <unk> , and they get to create this . That 's not me .
Well , the next question that people always ask me is : Do you do things for free ?
I have too much older heels and I never use , except the previous couple , but the privilege I get I get in the real life , and that we do n't like to speak .
I grew up at Cambridge , and once I went to a store and I forgot to take money , and they gave me the free dress .
When I was a teenager , I was traveling with my friend who was a really bad driver ; he jumped on a red light and , of course , stood up , and it took a sorry , and it took him to keep driving .
I love the privilege of these privilege for me , not what I am , and there are people who are paying a price for their appearance without matter who they are .
I live in New York , and last year , of the teenagers who were left and checked , 86 percent were black and Latino , and most of them were young men .
And there are only young black men in New York City , so for them , is n't a question of getting me back ?
But how many are I <unk> ? And when ?
By researching this talk , I found out that by 53 percent of 13 girls in the United States , they do n't like their body , and that figure rises to 78 percent of 17 .
So , the last question that people ask me is : How is life of a model ?
And I think the answer that you expect is : If you 're a little thinner , and you have the brightest hair , you 're going to feel very happy and fantastic .
And behind the cameras , we give an answer that maybe it looks like this .
We say , `` It 's really amazing to travel , and it 's also amazing to work with creative , clever , passionate people .
And all of that is true , but it 's just a part of what happens , because what we never say in front of the cameras , what I 've never said in front of the cameras , which I 've never said in front of you .
And I am because I have to worry about my mind every day .
And if you 're ever asked : With some thinner legs and the smartest hair , be happier ?
They just have to meet with a group of models , because they have the thinner legs , the brightest hair and the laundry , but they 're probably the most insecure women on the planet .
But mostly it was hard to look at a situation of racial oppression and gender when I 'm one of the biggest <unk> .
If there 's something to retain from this talk , I hope that everybody will feel more comfortable when you recognize the power of the image in perception that we have of success and failure .
Thank you .
Photography has been my passion since I was much enough enough to support a camera , but today I want to share with you my 15 most precious pictures , and I was n't me who got them out .
There were no artistic directors , nor <unk> , no opportunity to repeat the photos , not even a minimum caring for lighting .
In fact , most of them took random tourists .
My story begins when , <unk> in New York City to give a lecture , my wife pulled me out of this picture holding my daughter in the day of his first birthday . That 's the 57 corner of the 57 .
He happened to come back to New York just a year later , so we decided to take the same picture .
Well , you can imagine what comes right now .
When I was approaching my third birthday of my daughter , my wife said to me , why do n't you take me back to New York on a <unk> trip and you continue to continue ?
Here 's when we started asking the tourists that were going to get the picture .
It 's amazing that the gesture of delivering the camera to a whole stranger is so universal .
No one has never been denied and , fortunately , no one has never met the camera .
So , we were n't aware of how much we would change this journey .
It became a sacred thing for us .
This photo is a few weeks after the <unk> , and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day so that a five-year-old could understand it .
These pictures are much more than representations of a concrete moment or a specific journey .
They 're also a way of stopping time on a October of October , and we would have to think about our time and our evolution over the years , and not just the physical level , but in all the senses .
Because , even though we always got the same picture , our perspective changes , my daughter has new milestones , and I can see life through his eyes and how you perceive it and interact with everything .
That time specifically that we spend together is something that we hope with illusion all the year .
Recently , in one of the trips , we were going to walk , when all of a sudden , he stopped dry and pointed out a red <unk> of the dollhouse of the dollhouse that loved little of all in front lines .
And it described to me what had felt like the five years of foot in that same place .
<unk> that he remembered his heart <unk> force to see that place for the first time nine years ago .
And now what you look at in New York is universities , because it 's determined to study in New York .
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we created is the memories .
So I want to share the idea of engaging in the conscious creation of memories .
I do n't know , but besides these 15 photos , I do n't go out in many of the family photos .
I 'm always the one that takes the picture .
Today , I want to encourage you to come up in the photo , and I 'm not going to encourage you to come up with somebody and ask them , `` Do you take a picture ? ''
Thank you .
I 'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals .
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world .
vultures are in the group of more threatened birds .
First of all , why have you so bad press ?
It also has been associated with Disney laughter as characters , stupid , stupid characters .
More recently , if you 've been following the press , you know laughter and applause and <unk> these are the attributes that relate to Kenyan Parliament , but I do n't accept it .
I do n't accept it . You know why ?
Because the members of Parliament are not keeping clean the environment -- <unk> do n't help prevent the spread of disease .
They 're hardly monogamous . They 're far away from extinct , and , my favorite , vultures have better presence . There are two types of vultures on this planet .
There 's the rabbits from the New World who are mainly in the Americas , like <unk> and <unk> , and the Old World rabbits , where we have 16 species , where we have 16 , 11 , 11 face high risk of extinction .
So why rabbits are important ? First of all , provide vital services . <unk> .
They 're our peoples of natural waste .
<unk> the bodies up to bone .
They help kill all the bacteria , they help to absorb anthrax , that they wo n't be because of them spread and causing large loss of livestock and diseases in other animals .
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there is no vultures , the carcasses are taking three to four times more time to be broken , and this has huge branches of the spread of disease .
vultures also have huge historical importance .
They 've been associated with ancient Egyptian culture .
<unk> was the symbol of protector and maternity and , along with the king cobra , <unk> the unit between the center and below Egypt .
In the Indian mythology , <unk> was the god <unk> , and he risked his life to save the <unk> goddess of the Tasmanian devil .
In <unk> culture , it 's done very important burials , in places like Tibet , there 's no place to bury the dead , or wood to <unk> , so these rabbits provide a natural elimination system .
What 's the problem with vultures ?
We have eight species from rabbits in Kenya , of which six are in the extinction extinction of extinction .
The reason is that they 're being poisoned , and the reason that they 're being poisoned is because there 's conflicts between humans and wildlife , <unk> communities use this venom against predators , and as a consequence , vultures are victims of this .
In South Asia , in countries like India and Pakistan , four species of rabbits are on the critical critical list of extinction , which means that in less than 10 or 15 years ago , they 're <unk> , and the reason is because they fall prey from the <unk> of livestock that 's been treated with a drug <unk> .
This drug has been banned by veterinary use in India and have taken a position .
Since there 's no vultures , there 's been a spread in the number of dogs in the street in landfills , and when you have the street dogs , you have a huge amount of time bomb for anger , the number of cases of anger has increased enormously in India .
Kenya is going to have one of the largest wind farms in Africa : <unk> <unk> are going to be up from Lake Turkana .
I 'm not against wind power , but we have to work with governments , because the wind turbines do this to the birds , they cut them in half .
They 're <unk> of birds .
In Western Africa , there 's an awful trade of Jupiter dead to serve <unk> and the <unk> market .
So what 's being done ? Well , we 're researching these birds . We 're <unk> transmitters .
We 're trying to determine its basic ecology , and see where they go .
We can see that they travel through different countries , so it will focus on a problem locally is not going to serve .
We have to work with governments at the regional levels .
We 're working with local communities .
We 're talking to them about appreciating vultures , about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that provide .
How can you help ? It can become active , make noise . You can write a letter to your government and say to you to tell you , we need to focus on these very <unk> creatures . We 'll be able to take it to the word .
When you go out of this room , you will report about vultures , but talk to their families , with your children , with their neighbors about rabbits .
They 're very elegant . Charles Darwin said that he changed the opinion because he saw flying without effort , without energy spending .
Kenya , this world , will be much poorer without these wonderful species .
Thank you very much .
Every thing I make and everything I do professionally -- my life -- has been molded by seven years of work during my youth in Africa .
From 1971 to 1977 , I was young , but I 'm not . I worked in Zambia , Kenya , Coast Coast , Algeria , Somalia , Algeria and Somalia .
I worked for an Italian NGO , and every project that we set up in Africa failed .
And he was disturbed .
I thought , to the 21 , that Italians were good people , and we were doing a good job in Africa .
Instead , everything we were playing in .
Our first project , which inspired my first book , `` <unk> from the <unk> , '' was a project where we decided to teach people from Zambia to grow food .
So , we came up with Italian seeds in southern Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that goes down to the <unk> River , and we teach the locals to cultivate Italians and squash tomatoes .
And of course , people were n't at all interested in doing that , so they wanted them to come to work , and sometimes they do n't come in , and we were amazed that the local , in so fertile valley , had not had agriculture .
Yet , instead of asking you how it was possible that we did n't hear anything , we just said , `` Thank God we 're here . '' `` Right at the time to save the people from Zambia from famine . ''
And of course , everything in Africa grew beautifully .
We got these magnificent tomatoes . In Italy , a tomato would grow to this size . In Zambia , this size .
And we could n't believe it , we were telling them to the <unk> : `` Look how easy agriculture is . ''
When the tomatoes were nice , mature and red , overnight , about 200 <unk> came from the river and ate everything . And we said to the <unk> , `` Oh my God , the <unk> ! ''
And the <unk> said , `` Yes , we do n't have agriculture here . '' `` Why did n't they say ? '' `` You never asked . ''
I thought we only would make mistakes in Africa , but then I saw what the Americans did , what the English did , what the French did , what the French were doing , and after seeing what they were doing , I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia .
Because , as you see , at least we feed <unk> .
You know , we 're looking at the waste -- you know , we see the waste that we would give them to the <unk> of Africa .
She wants to read a book , read `` Help 's '' <unk> <unk> , <unk> economist .
The book was published in 2009 .
We , Western countries , we 've given to the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years .
I 'm not telling you about damage that that money has caused .
Just read your book .
<unk> from an African woman , the damage we 've done .
The Westerners are imperialists , Mormon missionaries , and we treat people only in two ways : or we 're treating them , or we are <unk> .
The two words come from the Latin root `` <unk> , '' which means `` father . ''
However , they mean two different things .
<unk> , I deal with any different culture as if I was my kids , `` I want a lot . ''
<unk> , I try to deal with all of the ones of a different culture as if it were my servants .
So the white people in Africa are called `` <unk> , '' chief .
That book gave me a slap in the face . `` The small is beautiful , '' written by <unk> , who said for all economic development , if people do n't want to be helped , <unk> alone .
This should be the first principle of aid .
The first principle of aid is to respect .
This morning , the guy who opened up this conference put a stick on the floor and said , `` Can you -- you can imagine a city that 's not <unk> ? ''
I decided to just respond to people , and I invented a system called <unk> <unk> where you never start anything , you never motivates anybody , but it becomes a servant of the local passion , the guy of the local passion who have the dream to become a better person .
So what does you do ? It 's <unk> .
It never comes to a community with an idea , and it sits with the people of the locality .
We do n't work from offices .
We met in a cafe . We met in a bar .
We have zero infrastructure .
And what do we do ? We become friends , and we found out what the person wants to do .
The most important thing is passion .
You can give you an idea to someone .
If that person does n't want to do that , what 's going to do ?
The passion that she has for its own growth is the most important thing .
The passion that that man has for his own personal growth is the most important thing .
And then , we help them find knowledge , because nobody in the world can succeed alone .
The person with the idea may not have knowledge , but knowledge is available .
So years and years ago , I had this idea : Why not us , for once , for one community to tell people what to do , why not , for once , do we hear them ? But not in community meetings .
Let me tell you a secret .
There 's a problem with community meetings .
The entrepreneurs never station , and they will never tell you , in a public meeting , what they want to do with their own money , which opportunity have identified .
So , planning has this blind spot .
The smartest people in their community , you do n't even know , because they do n't take a station to their public meetings .
What do we do ? We worked one to one , and we work face to face , you have to create a social infrastructure , which does n't exist .
You have to create a new profession .
The profession is the family doctor of the company , the family doctor , who are determined with you in your home , at the table of your kitchen , in the coffee table , and that helps him find the resources to transform their passion in a way of living .
I started this as a test in <unk> , city Australia .
I was doing a Ph.D. in that time , trying to move away from this patronizing , where we 've got to tell you what to do .
In a year , I had 27 projects underway , and the government came to me to see , `` How can you do that ? ''
How can you do it ? '' And I said , `` I did something very , very , very hard .
I fell off and listened . '' So , the government says , `` Do it again . '' We 've done it again in 300 communities in the world .
We 've helped 40,000 businesses .
There 's a new generation of entrepreneurs who are dying of loneliness .
Peter <unk> , one of the most grandiose business advisers in history , died at '96 , a few years ago .
Peter <unk> was a professor before I got involved in business , and this is what Peter <unk> says : `` planning is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative company economy . ''
The planning is the kiss of the entrepreneurship of business .
So now we <unk> reconstructing reconstructing without knowing what the most <unk> people in Christchurch want to do with their own money and their own energy .
You have to learn how to get these people come to talk to you .
You 've got to offer you any good , privacy , has to be fantastic to help you , and then you 're going to <unk> , they will come in mass .
In a community of 10,000 people , we get 200 clients .
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people , intelligence and passion ?
What presentation you 've got to do this morning ?
Local people . That 's what you 've got .
So what I 'm telling you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is .
We 're at the end of the first industrial revolution , <unk> fossils , not renewables , manufacturing -- and from a moment to another , we have systems that are not sustainable .
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable .
<unk> as a way of sustaining machinery is not sustainable .
What we have to consider , is how we explore , cure , we educate , we educate , we move , we communicate , we communicate , we communicate to seven billion people in a sustainable way .
There are no technologies to do that .
Who 's going to invent the technology for the green revolution ? universities ? Forget it .
The government ? Forget it !
It will be entrepreneurs and they 're doing it now .
There 's an adorable story that I read in a futuristic magazine many , many years ago .
There was a group of experts who were invited to debate the future of New York City in the year B.C .
And in the year industries , they gathered this group of people , and we were meeting about what would happen to New York City in 100 years , and the conclusion was <unk> : New York City would n't exist within 100 years .
Why ? Because they looked at the curve and pointed out , if the population stays growing at this rate , to move the population of New York around the surroundings , <unk> six million horses , and the manure produced by six million horses would be impossible to address .
They were already thrown away in dung . So , in contrast , in contrast , they were <unk> this dirty technology that 's going to make life from New York City .
So what happens ? Over the next 40 years , in 1900 , in the United States , <unk> company companies , <unk> .
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very few , <unk> , factories in <unk> places .
Dearborn , Michigan . Henry Ford .
However , there 's a secret to work with entrepreneurs .
First , you have to offer you these .
Otherwise , they would n't come to talk to you .
Then you have to offer you an absolute , dedicated service .
And then later , you will have to tell you the truth about it .
The smallest company , the biggest company , has to be able to do three <unk> : the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic , you have to do with a fantastic marketing , and you have to tell you with a wonderful financial management .
You know what ?
We have never met a single human being in the world that can do , sell and look for money alone .
It does n't exist .
This is still not born .
We 've done research and looked at the 100 icons of the Carnegie Carnegie , Westinghouse , Edison , Ford , all new companies , Google , Yahoo .
There 's only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common , just one : no one was started by one person .
Never the word `` I , '' but the word `` we '' -- 32 times .
He was n't just when he started .
Nobody begins a company alone . No one .
So , we can create the community where we have facilitators , who come from a small business environment sitting sitting in coffee shops , in bars with their dedicated dedicated people who will do for you , what someone did by this gentleman who talks about this epic , someone who 's talking about what ?
What can you do ? Can you do it ?
Well , can you sell ? Can you look for money ? ''
`` Oh , no , I ca n't do that . '' `` I want you to look for somebody ? ''
We activate communities .
Thank you .
Those of us around us can help us in many ways to improve our lives .
We do n't know every neighbors , so we do n't exchange a lot of knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces .
In the last few years I 've been trying to share more with my neighbors in public space , with simple tools like <unk> , templates and chalk .
These projects emerged from questions like , how much pay my neighbors for their apartments ?
How can we pay and borrow more things without calling the door at bad time ?
How do you share more memories from our buildings abandoned and better understand our landscape ?
How do we share our hopes for the empty stores so that our communities can reflect our needs and dreams ?
I live in New Orleans and I 'm in love with New Orleans .
My soul always finds relief with the giant <unk> that gives the <unk> , <unk> and <unk> for centuries and trust in a city town .
And that 's always helping the music . There 's a parade in New Orleans . The city has one of the most beautiful architectures in the world , but also one with the largest U.S. American properties .
I live near this house and I thought , how could turn it into a more enjoyable space for the neighborhood and also something that changed my life forever .
In 2009 , I lost somebody who loved a lot .
It was Joan , as a mother for me .
Their death was sudden and unexpected .
I thought so much about death .
And this made me a profound gratitude for the life , and this was a profound gratitude .
He gave it clarity to the significant things of my life today .
But let me take this look in my everyday life .
I think it 's easy to be able to catch up the day and forget what 's really important for you .
So with the help of old and new friends , I transformed the wall of this abandoned house on a giant chalkboard and painted on it , phrases for me to complete , `` Before I die I want ... ''
So doubt could take a chalk , reflect on their lives and share personal aspirations in public space .
I did n't know what to wait for this experiment , but the next day , the wall was filled with and kept <unk> .
And I 'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall .
`` Before I die , I want to be judged for piracy , '' `` Before I die , I want to sit on the line of date . ''
`` Before I die , I want to sing for millions of people . ''
`` Before I die , I want to plant a tree . ''
`` Before I die , I want to live outside the Web . ''
`` Before I die I want to get more and more . ''
`` Before I die , I want to go to someone 's rescue . ''
`` Before I die , I want to be completely myself . ''
This space was abandoned , and the dreams and hope of people made me laugh at laughter , and I 'm trained , and they gave me comfort in difficult times .
It 's about knowing that you 're not alone . It 's about understanding our neighbors in new ways and <unk> . It 's about helping reflection and contemplation , and to remember what 's most important for us as we grow and change .
This happened last year , and I started getting hundreds of messages from passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community .
So with my colleagues in the center of civic center , we did a kit , and now they 've been done walls in countries around the world , as Kazakhstan , South Africa , Australia , and beyond .
And together we showed the power of our public spaces if we give us the opportunity to express ourselves and share each other .
Two of the most valuable things we have are time and our relationships with other people .
In our age of distraction , it 's more important than ever , to find ways to keep the perspective and remember that life is very shortly and delicate .
Death is something that we often avoid talking about , or even thinking , but I understood that preparing for death is one of those things that will be more empowered .
It 's going to think about death , our life .
Our shared spaces can reflect better what we care about as individuals and as a community and with more means to share hopes , fears and stories , the people around us can not only help improve places , can help improve our lives .
Thank you .
Thank you .
I have a single request today .
Please , do n't tell me that I 'm normal .
Now I 'd like to introduce you to my brothers .
<unk> is 22 , it 's high and very handsome .
He does n't talk , but it drives joy better than some of the best speakers .
<unk> knows what love is .
So , you share through what happens .
It 's not <unk> . You ca n't look at the color of the skin .
It does n't care about religious differences and notice this : never lied .
When you sing our childhood songs , trying to tell her words that I could n't even remind me , it reminds me of one thing : how little we know about the mind and how wonderful it must be the unknown .
Samuel is 16 . It 's high . It 's very handsome .
It has the most pristine memory .
However , it 's a selective memory .
It does n't remember if I stole my <unk> , but remember the year I came out every one of my iPod 's songs , conversations that we kept when I was four years old , <unk> in my arm during the first episode of the <unk> and the Lady Gaga birthday .
Do n't you look like incredible ?
But most people do n't agree .
And in fact , because their minds do n't fit the concept of normal , they 're often ignored and <unk> .
But what that propelled my heart and my soul was that even if that was the case , even though you would consider them in the ordinary , that only could mean one thing : that was extraordinary -- autistic and extraordinary .
Now , for those less familiar with the term `` autism , '' is a complex brain disorder that affects social media , learning and sometimes the physical skills .
In each individual , it manifests itself in a different way , from there that we 're so different to Sam .
And all over the world , every 20 minutes , are diagnosed with a new case of autism , and even though it 's one of the developmental disorders that are faster in the world , there is no cause and cure .
I do n't remember my first encounter with autism , but I do n't remember one day without him .
I was just three years old when my brother came to the world , and I was very excited about having a new being in my life .
When I spent a few months , I realized that he was different .
<unk> a lot .
I did n't want to play as the other babies and , in fact , did n't seem very interested in me at all .
I lived in the world , and it turned out in his own world , with his own rules , and I found pleasure on the smallest things , like putting the cars in the row around the room , looking at the washing machine and eat anything that was in between .
As I grew up , it became more different , and the differences became more apparent .
But beyond the <unk> , the frustration and hyperactivity -- there was something really unique : a pure , innocent nature , a child who sees the world without prejudice , a human being that I 'd never lied .
<unk> .
I ca n't argue that there 's been some difficult times in my family , moments in which I wish they were just just like me .
But I look back at the things that have taught me about individuality , communication and love , and I realize that they are things that would n't want to change for normal .
The normal happens by high beauty that give us the difference and the fact of being different does n't mean that some are wrong .
It only means there 's a different view of what 's right .
If I could get a single thing to go ahead and I used to Sam and to you , you do n't have to be normal .
They can be remarkable .
Because <unk> or not , the differences we have -- they 're a gift ! Each of us has a gift in their inner and , honestly , the pursuit of normal is the last sacrifice of potential .
The opportunity for greatness , progress and change dies at the time that we 're trying to be like others .
Please -- do n't tell me that I 'm normal .
Thank you .
Five years ago , I experienced a little bit of what should have been found in the Country from the Wonders of the Wonders .
Penn State asked me , a communications teacher , to give a class of communication to engineering students .
I was scared . <unk> really . <unk> of these students with their great minds , their great books and their great unknown .
But when you develop those conversations , I felt what Alicia must have felt when he fell through the rabbit 's hole and saw the door of a new world .
Just as I felt when I had those conversations with students , I was surprised the ideas they had , and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world .
And I think the key to opening that door is a great communication .
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers to change the world .
Our scientists and engineers are attacking our biggest challenges , from energy to environment and health care , among others , and if we do n't know , we do n't understand about this , the work is not done , and I think it 's our responsibility as we could n't have these interactions .
But these great conversations can not happen if our scientists and engineers are not invited to see their wonderful world .
So scientists and engineers , please <unk> with <unk> .
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that their science is sexy and engineering is sexy .
First question to <unk> : and then what ?
It 's why science is relevant to us .
Do n't tell us that we simply study the <unk> , but we study the <unk> , which is the mesh structure of our bones because it 's important to understand and treat osteoporosis .
And when you 're describing your science , care of jargon .
The slang is an obstacle to our understanding of their ideas .
Sure , you can say `` spatial and temporary '' , but why not say `` space and time '' which is much more accessible to us ?
<unk> accessible is not the same thing as making silly things .
Instead , as Einstein said , that everything is as simple as possible , but not simple .
They can clearly communicate their science without engaging ideas .
Something to consider is to use examples , stories and analogies , and these are ways of hook to their content .
And by presenting his work , forget the signs bullet signs .
They 've been asking why they call `` bullets '' ? What do the bullets do ? The bullets kill , and kill their presentation .
A <unk> like this is not just boring , but it 's also supporting it too much in the area of the language of our brain and frightens us .
Instead , this <unk> of example of 800,000 Brown is much more effective . It shows that the special structure of <unk> is so strong that really inspired the only design of the Eiffel Tower .
The trick here is to use a simple , legible phrase , that the audience can understand if you lose a little bit , and then provide graphs that we take to our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding what 's described .
I think these are just some key keys that can help the others we open the door and look at the country of wonders that is science and engineering .
And so scientists and engineers , when this equation has solved , for all the media , <unk> with <unk> . Thank you .
One of my favorite words of the entire OED is `` <unk> . ''
Just because it sounds very good .
And `` <unk> '' means `` politician rogue . ''
Although there was a journalism editor in the 19th century that defined it a lot better when he said , `` A <unk> is that he 's looking for a public charge without matter , platform or principle , and that , when he wins , he gets the mere use of a monumental <unk> monumental . ''
I have no idea what <unk> means .
Something to do with words , I guess .
It 's very important that words are the basis in politics , and that all the politicians know that they have to try to master language .
It was n't until , for example , that the British Parliament allowed the newspapers to quote the exact words they were told in the parliamentary camera .
And all of this was because of the courage of a guy named <unk> <unk> , who faced Parliament .
He put her in the Tower of London , and he was incarcerated , but he had enough courage to face them , and finally had a popular support in London that I won .
And only a few years later , we had the first use of the phrase , `` That 's how we <unk> . ''
Most people think it 's literal .
It 's not . It 's by an advocate of freedom of expression .
But to show you how words and politics interact , I want you to go back to America , just after independence .
So , they had to address the question of how to call George Washington , his leader .
They did n't know .
How do you fire the leader of a Republican country ?
This was debated in Congress for a long time .
They were introduced all kinds of suggestions that they could have <unk> .
Some of them wanted to call him `` Chief of State , '' and others , `` Her <unk> George Washington , '' and other people `` <unk> from the U.S. People in Washington . ''
Not very attractive .
Some of them just wanted to call it `` King . ''
They thought it was kind of tried quality .
And not even with it were <unk> , they had the idea that you could be elected King for a certain deadline .
And I could have served it .
Everybody got really tired , because this debate was going to be used for three weeks .
I read the diary of a poor Senator , and I always wrote , `` still with this topic . ''
What caused the delay and the <unk> was that the House of Representatives was against the Senate .
The House of Representatives did n't want Washington to be able to be power .
They did n't want to call him `` King '' if he was giving him or his successor to her ideas .
So , they wanted to give him the most humble , gentler title and <unk> that came up with .
And that title was `` President . ''
President . They did n't invent the title . You know , it was before , but it only meant `` somebody who 's going on a meeting . ''
It was like the president of a jury .
And I did n't have a lot more than the term `` foreman '' or `` supervisor . ''
There were <unk> presidents had <unk> of small colonial prints and fractions , but it was really a trivial title .
And that 's why the Senate is challenged .
They said , `` It 's ridiculous , we ca n't call President . ''
`` This guy has to sign up treated and meet with foreigners . ''
`` And who will take you seriously with a title as ridiculous and insignificant as President of America ? ''
And finally , after three weeks of debate , the Senate did not give up .
We can learn three interesting things about this .
First of all , and this is my favorite to where I 've been able to figure out , the Senate has never been interested in the President 's title .
President Barack Obama is lucky to continue there , waiting for the Senate in action .
The second thing that we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary -- it 's possible to keep waiting for <unk> years .
But the third thing we can learn , and this is the most important thing , and this is what I want to leave , is that the President of the United States does n't sound so modest today , right ?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads available to , the biggest economy in the world and a fleet of <unk> flying vehicles and so on .
Reality and history have Parkinson 's title .
So the Senate made the Senate .
They got their title of <unk> .
And also the other worries of the Senate , the appearance of uniqueness -- well , it was a singularity .
But , you know how many nations have the president now ?
And everything because they want to sound like the five nuclear warheads , and so on .
So , at the end of the Senate , I won and the House of Representatives lost , because no one 's going to feel humble when you tell them that they are now the President of the United States .
And I think that 's the great lesson that we can learn , and that I 'd like to leave you with .
The politicians try to choose and use the words to shape and control reality , but really , reality change much more words than what they might change reality .
Thank you very much .
I 'm 45 to feet underground in an illegal mine in Ghana .
The air is loaded with heat and dust and it 's hard to breathe .
I feel the touch of <unk> bodies in the dark , but I ca n't see much more .
I hear voices that talk about , but above all , that cacophony of male <unk> and rocks were playing with primitive tools .
Like the others , I 've been wearing a cheap light lantern attached to the head with this elastic elastic elastic elastic elastic elastic rubber hole , which is holding the walls of that hole that drops hundreds of meters on the ground .
My hand is <unk> , and suddenly I remember a miner that I met before , who had lost the control , and he dropped countless feet in that well .
As I talk to you today , these men are deep at that hole at risking their lives without paying or reward , often dying .
I walked out of that hole and went home , but they may never do it , because they 're prey from slavery .
In the last 28 years I was documenting native cultures in more than 70 countries in six continents , and in 2009 , I had the great honor of being the only <unk> in the Vancouver Peace Summit .
Among all the amazing people that I met there I met , I met an interest in <unk> the <unk> , an NGO who is dedicated to eradicate modern slavery .
We started talking about slavery and really , I started learning about slavery because I knew that there was in the world , but not as much degree .
When we finished talking to me , I was really wrong , I honestly I was embarrassed to ignore this atrocity of our days , and I thought , if I do n't know , how many people do n't know ?
He got a knot , and weeks later , I flew to Los Angeles to meet the director of <unk> the <unk> and offer my help .
So it started my journey to modern slavery .
Interestingly , I 'd been in many of these sites .
Some , even , I considered them my second home .
But this time , they 're going to bring up the dirty rags .
A conservative calculation is that there are now over 27 million people <unk> in the world .
It 's twice the number of African Africans during all of it all about slave slaves .
150 years ago the cost of a slave farmer 's cost was about three times the annual wages of an American worker .
The equivalent of $ 50,000 today .
Yet today , you can enslave entire families for generations of $ 18 dollars .
Amazingly , slavery generates profits from over 13 billion dollars a year across the world .
Many of them have been fooled by false education for good education and better work to figure out that they are forced to work without pay , under threat of violence and they ca n't escape .
Today , slavery operates in trade : <unk> goods have value , but those produce are disposable .
slavery exists in almost everybody , and yet it 's illegal throughout the world .
In India and Nepal , I met the furnaces of bricks .
This strange , weird show was like entering the ancient Egypt or the Hell Dante .
<unk> in a temperature of 54 degrees , men , women , children , in fact , entire families wrapped up in a heavy <unk> canopy packaged in their heads , to 18 at the time , and they take them from burning furnaces to trucks that are hundreds of meters .
<unk> up to monotony , and tiredness works in silence , doing this task over and over for 16 hours a day .
There were no pause to eat , not to drink , and the severe <unk> would make it quite inconsequential .
So <unk> were the heat and the powder that my camera became too hot to touch and stopped working .
Every 20 minutes I had to run the car to clean up the equipment and make it work with air conditioning for <unk> , and sitting there , I thought , my camera gets a lot better treatment than these people .
Back on furnaces , I wanted to cry , but the <unk> I was on my side quickly grabbed me and said , `` Lisa , do n't do . Do n't do it here . ''
And he explained very clearly that I will demonstrate emotions is very dangerous in places like this , not just for me but for them .
I could n't offer you a direct help .
I could n't give them money , nothing .
I was not citizenship in that country .
I could put them in a situation worse than they were already .
I had to trust the <unk> ' and work inside the system for their release and trusted .
In terms of me , I waited to reach home to feel my heart .
In the Himalayas , I found children dragging rocks during mountain walls , to trucks they were expecting down .
These big ones were more heavy than the kids who had charge and the children hold them into their heads with straps and strings and rags .
It 's hard to witness something so overwhelming .
How can we influence something so insidious and so ubiquitous ?
Some of you do n't even know that they 're slaves -- and they work 16 hours a day without intending it because this has been that whole life .
They have nothing to compare .
When these villagers were promoting their freedom , the <unk> burned their homes .
When you hear the word slavery often , we think about sexual trafficking , and because of this global consciousness , they warned me that it would be difficult for me to work with security in this particular business .
In Kathmandu , I found women who had been previously sex .
He took me by a few stairs , which gave this dirty basement , <unk> light .
It was n't exactly a brothel .
It was rather a restaurant .
<unk> , as you know in the craft , are local for forced prostitution .
They 've got small rooms , private rooms , where slavery would go with their girls and children , some of just seven -- are forced to entertain the clients and to try and buy more food and alcohol .
Every place is dark and dirty , identified by a number painted on the wall and divided by a <unk> and a curtain .
The workers often suffer sexual abuse in their hands .
From foot in twilight , I remember making sense of a acute acute fear , and at that instant , I could barely imagine what it should be stuck in that hell .
I just had an exit : the stairs where I walked in .
There was no back door .
There were no window big enough to climb up .
These people do n't have <unk> , because we played a topic that 's so difficult , it 's important to point out that slavery , even sexual traffic , happens to us .
There are hundreds of people in agriculture , in restaurants , in the domestic service and the list can continue .
Recently , New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 American kids are sold every year as a sex slaves .
This is everywhere , but we do n't see it .
<unk> are another activity that often relate to the slave labor .
I went to Indian villages where there was whole families put in the silk trade .
This is a family portrait .
The white hands of black are the father , the <unk> of blue and red , of her children .
<unk> <unk> in these large barrels , and they dip silk into the liquid to <unk> , but this stain is toxic .
My performer told me his stories .
`` We do n't have freedom , '' they said .
`` We still hope , however , being able to come out of this house someday and go to another place where we really pay for our work . ''
It 's estimated that there are more than 4,000 children put in Lake Volta , the largest artificial lake in the world .
When we arrived , I went to have a quick look .
I saw what seemed to be a fishermen 's family on a ship , two older brothers , some younger kids , makes sense right ?
Wrong . It was all slaves .
Children are separated from their trafficked families , missing and forced to work deeply on these boats in the lake , despite not knowing swimming .
This boy is eight years old .
When our boat came to the boat was shivering ; that his little canoe was <unk> .
He was paralyzed by the fear of falling into the water .
The branches of trees plunged into Lake Volta often catch networks and children , <unk> and fear , is thrown out of the water to unleash the branches .
Many are drowned .
Ever since it reminds me , it 's always been forced to work in the lake .
By fear of his love , it 's not going to flee and , like all of life has been dealt with cruelty , <unk> people younger under their command .
I met these guys at five o'clock in the morning , when they woke up the last , but they had been working from the one .
It 's in the cold and windy night .
And it 's going to point out that these networks weigh over 400 kilos when they 're packed with fish .
I want to introduce Kofi .
Kofi was rescued by a fishermen village .
I met him in a shelter in which the <unk> ' <unk> ' <unk> .
Kofi symbolizes as possible .
Who will come to be because somebody decided to make the difference in your life ?
He went through a road in Ghana with partners of <unk> the <unk> , and a fellow <unk> with his motorbike suddenly accelerated and <unk> our car and touched our window .
He asked us to put it on a road path to the forest .
At the end of the road , we would get out of the car coming out , and he asked the driver to go out quickly .
Then he pointed out this pathway just visible and said , `` This is the path , this is the path . Come on . ''
As we started to go down , we removed the <unk> that <unk> the way , and after walking around an hour , what we found is that the path was taken out of the recent rains , so I put the pictures of photos on my head to measure that I 'd put these waters into the chest .
After two hours of walk , the <unk> path ended abruptly in a clear , and we had a mass of holes that could fit in a football field , and they were all full of <unk> workers .
A lot of women had kids tied their back , and , as they were looking for gold , they walked into poison waters with mercury .
<unk> is used in the process of extraction .
These miners are enslaved in a well in another part of Ghana .
When they came out of the well they were buried in their own sweat .
I remember looking at his eyes tired , <unk> , because many of them had been underground for 72 hours .
<unk> are up to 90 feet , and these people carry heavy stone bags that will then be transported to another area where they could get the stone to be able to extract the gold .
To the first view , the site seems to be filled with strong , <unk> men , but if we look closer closer , we 're on the margin , we 're going to see the other less lucky people .
They 're all victims of injuries , diseases and violence .
In fact , it 's very likely that this bully is completed as this victim of tuberculosis and <unk> poisoning for a few years .
This is <unk> . When his father died he took him to work with him in mines .
By dying his uncle , I <unk> I inherit the debt of the uncle that force it to be a slave in the mines .
When I met him , I had worked in 14 years , and the leg injury that you see here is a product of an accident in the mine , so severe the doctors said it should be .
In addition to that , <unk> has tuberculosis , and yet , it 's forced to work at night and day in that mine .
Yet , he dreams about being released and educated with local activists , like the <unk> , and it 's this kind of determination , a face to a remote possibility , which is inspired by a lot of respect .
I want to shine a light on slavery .
They knew that their images would be seen by you around the world .
I wanted you to know that we knew that we 're getting witness to them , and that we 're going to make everything possible to help change their lives .
I truly believe that if we can see each other as human beings , then it becomes very hard to tolerate atrocities like slavery .
These images are not from magazines . They 're people , real people , like you and like me , who deserve the same rights , dignity and respect in their lives .
There 's no day that I 'm going to do n't think about these many beautiful , battered people that I 've had the great honor to meet .
Now , I hope that these images will wake up a force when you see them , in people like you , and I hope that that force will turn into a fire and that that fire will be turned into the slavery , because , without that light , the beast of slavery can continue to live on the shadows .
Thank you very much .
I do applied math , and there 's a peculiar problem for anyone who does it : we are like management consultants .
Nobody knows what the hell we do .
So today , I 'll try and explain to you what I do .
Dance is one of the most human activities .
We would get the virtuous of the ballet and the dancers of <unk> that we 'll see later on .
But the ballet demand for an extraordinary degree of training , a high level of skill and probably some initial fitness that can well have a genetic component .
Unfortunately , neurological disorders destroy this extraordinary ability , as it does with my friend Jan <unk> that , in his time , it was a virtuous dancer .
Over the last few years , there 's been a lot of progress in treatment .
However , there are <unk> million people in the world who are sick and have to deal with an incurable weakness , tremor , stiffness and other symptoms of this disease , so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it 's too late .
We need to be able to measure progress in an objective , and ultimately , the only way we 'll know if there really exists a cure to be when we have an objective metric and <unk> metric .
But it 's frustrating that for Parkinson 's and other disorders of the movement , there are no biological markers , so they do n't work with blood analysis and the best we have is a neurologic neurological exam .
You have to go to a clinic to do it . It 's very , very expensive , and that means that out of the clinical trials , they never do . It 's never done .
And what if patients could do it at home ?
That would save a trip to the clinic , what if patients could get the exam themselves ?
It would n't take a staff .
By the way , it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic .
So what I want to do with you as a kind of not conventional way to try , you see , in some sense at least , we 're all <unk> like my friend Jan <unk> .
This is a video of the vibration strings .
It shows someone healthy as sounds when they speak , and we can imagine as a dancers from a vocal ballet , because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sounds , and we all have the genes necessary . The <unk> , for example .
And as the ballet , it requires an extraordinary training level .
Let 's think about time that leads to a child to learn to speak .
From sound , we can trace the position of the vocal chords as they vibrate , and as Parkinson 's disease affects the limbs , it also affects the vocal organs .
On the trace below you can see an example of irregular <unk> of the vocal chords .
We see the same symptoms .
vocal shake , weakness and stiffness .
The speech becomes easier and <unk> after a while , and this is an example of the symptoms .
How do you compare these tests based on the voice with the specialized clinical trials ? Well , both of them are <unk> .
The neurological test is not invasive . They both use existing infrastructure .
You do n't need to design a whole series of hospitals to make them .
They 're both accurate . Well , but also the <unk> tests are not specialized .
I mean , they can be <unk> .
They 're doing very quickly , it 's about 30 seconds to do a lot .
They 're low cost , and we all know what happens .
When something takes it so low : it appears on a massive scale .
These are some incredible targets to address .
We can reduce the difficulties ' difficulties .
You would n't need to go to the clinic for routine <unk> .
With high-frequency monitoring , we could get targets .
We could make massive recruitment for clinical trials , and for the first time , <unk> doable on scale .
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomarkers of the disease before it 's too late .
So when I 'm going to give today the first steps in that sense , we 're launching the Parkinson 's <unk> Initiative .
Together and <unk> , we want to record a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start to address these goals .
We have local lines for about 750 million people in the world .
Anyone , with no Parkinson 's , can call low price and leave the recordings for a few cents , and I 'm pleased to announce that we 've already reached six percent of the goal in only eight hours .
Thank you . Tom Rielly : So Max , taking all these samples of , say 10,000 people , you might say who 's healthy and who is n't ?
So what will come from these samples ?
Max Little Little : Yeah , yeah . What happens is that during the call , you have to indicate whether you have the disease . TR : Sure .
<unk> : You see , some people may not pass it . You may not end it .
But we 're going to get a very large data sample in different circumstances , and to do it in different circumstances , is important because we 're looking at the factors of confusion in search of real markers of the disease .
TR : Are you having 86 percent accuracy right now ?
<unk> : Much more than that .
In fact , my graduate student , I have to argue , has done fantastic work , and now it has shown that it works on the mobile phone network also , what we 'll put on the project . Now we have 99 percent accuracy .
TR : Ninety and nine . Well , it 's an improvement .
<unk> : Of course .
TR : Thank you very much . Max Little 's audience .
<unk> : Thank you , Tom .
Before March , 2011 , I made <unk> <unk> in New York City .
We 're <unk> creatures , gray .
We were <unk> in the dark , in no windows , and usually we avoid sunlight .
We do the thin models even thinner , the perfect land even more perfect , we do it possible and criticize us in the press all the time , but some of us are really artists with a lot of years of experience and a real taste of images and photography .
On March 11 , 2011 , I saw from my house , just like the rest of the world , the tragic events that happen in Japan .
Shortly after that , an organization where it was voluntary , there was a <unk> , there was the place working as part of the answer team .
I , along with hundreds of other volunteers , we knew that we could n't sit at home , so I decided to join the group for three weeks .
On May 13 , I traveled to <unk> .
It 's a small village of fishermen located in the <unk> of almost 50,000 people , one of the first people affected by the wave .
The water level of land has reached over 24 feet tall and over three miles land inside .
As you can imagine , the village was devastated .
We got rubble from the channels and the ditches .
<unk> schools . We took the mud and we leave the lists ready to be <unk> and <unk> .
We took tons and tons of dead fish , smelly , <unk> from the local factory .
We were <unk> , and we loved it .
For weeks , both volunteers as neighbors have found similar things .
They found photos and drawings of photos and cameras and card cards .
Everybody did the same thing .
<unk> and bring them to different places from villages around us .
It was n't until so I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that people had suffered .
As they were fleeing the wave , and to save their lives , they had to leave absolutely everything they had .
At the end of my first week , I started to help in a center of Oklahoma City .
I helped to clean up the bathrooms , huge , gigantic <unk> .
This place turned out to be the place of the village where the middle of the people would pick up the photos .
And I had the honor of the day , and I had the honor of that day to be able to clean up the photos .
This was exhilarating and inspiring , I had heard of the expression of thinking beyond the horizons , but it was n't all my horizons that something happened .
By looking at the photos , I found some who had more than a hundred years old , a few people were still in the lab , and I could n't help but think about how we could fix that <unk> and repair that <unk> and knew hundreds of people that could do the same thing .
So that night , I went on Facebook contacted some of them , and the next morning the answer was so overwhelming and positive , that I knew we had to try .
So we started tweaking the photos .
This was the first of all .
It was n't too intriguing , but where the water had taken the face of the girl 's face had to make up with a lot of precision and it looks .
In another way , that little girl would n't have what she looks like , and that would be as tragic as I have the spoiled picture .
Over time , they came up with a few more photos , and they got more <unk> , so he went into Facebook and LinkedIn , and five days later 80 people from 12 countries volunteered to help .
Within two weeks , I had 150 people trying to join each other .
In Japan , in July , we have <unk> <unk> , a neighboring village north of <unk> .
Once a week , we use our scanner in the temporal photographic libraries that had set up , where people were going to reclaim their photos .
The time that it would take into <unk> is a different story , it depended on the <unk> of the photos .
It could take an hour . It could take a weeks .
It could take months .
This <unk> had to draw virtually by hand using the areas of which color and detail , had no destroyed .
It took a long time .
The water destroyed all these pictures submerged in salt water , covered by bacteria , with algae , with algae , even with oil , all of that along with the time I continue to <unk> , and that 's why it was a major part of the project .
We could n't tinker with the photo unless it was clean , dry and had been pushed through the owner .
We were lucky enough to hand .
We have the guide of an remarkable neighbor guides .
It 's very easy to hurt even more the photos are already damaged .
As I said once <unk> , the leader of my group is like making a tattoo .
You ca n't make mistakes .
The woman who brought us all of these pictures got lucky enough in relation to the photos .
He had begun to purge her herself , but he stopped to realize that the injured would be more .
He also had <unk> .
Without them , the images of her husband and his own face would not have been able to rebuild , we were able to break the images into one photo and tweaking the whole photo .
When I picked up his pictures shared some of his story with us .
My husband 's colleagues found the photos in a fire station in a fire station in the rubble rather far away from where he used to be their house , but his colleagues recognized it .
The day of the tsunami , her husband was the experimenter to close the barriers to the wave .
He had to go into the water as the <unk> <unk> .
Their small children , not so small now , but their two children were at school , in schools .
One of them was stuck in the water .
He took a week to find his entire family and know that they all had survived .
The day that I gave him his photos was his youngest son to be 14 .
For her , despite all of this , those photos were the best gift I could do , something that he could go back to look , something that I could remember from the past that was not marked by the day of March when everything in his life changed or was destroyed .
After six months in Japan , 1,100 volunteers had joined over there -- hundreds of them had helped us to clean up a lot of a thousand photographs , the vast majority -- -- the vast majority of their own owners .
Over 500 volunteers around the world helped us to bring back to 90 families , hundreds of fresh , <unk> photos .
During this time , we do n't really spend more than 1,000 dollars in teams and materials , most of them in ink for printers .
We take pictures constantly .
A picture is a memory of someone or something , a place , a relationship , someone wanted .
They 're <unk> from our memories and stories , the last thing we would take , but the first thing that we 're going to look for .
This was what the project was , of restore small pieces of humanity , to bring someone into the connection to the past .
When a picture like this is back to someone , it 's a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it .
This project also made a big difference in the life of <unk> .
Some of them connected with something larger , I 'll bring something out , using their talent for something that are not going to be models of perfect skin .
In closing , I 'd like to read this email -- I sent him Cindy day I came back from Japan after six months .
As I <unk> , I could n't stop thinking about people and the stories shown in the images .
One in particular , a photo with women of different ages , from the grandmother to the small girl , gathering around a baby , I was moved , because a similar picture of my family my grandmother , my mother , me and my newborn daughter hangs out of our wall .
In the whole world , in all the few of our basic needs are the same , right ?
Thank you .
Doc <unk> inspired us awe and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that goes through an apple in an exhibition of just one millionth of a second .
But now , 50 years later , we can go a million times faster and see the world not a million or a billion , but a trillion frames per second .
I present to you a new kind of photograph : <unk> -- a new technique so fast that you can create videos in slow motion of light in motion .
And with that , we can create cameras that you can see after the corner , beyond the line of vision , or see the inside of the body without using X-ray , and they really defy the idea of camera .
If I take a laser pointer and I switch it on and put it on a <unk> of second , it 's in a number of <unk> to create a stimulus package of just a millimeter wide .
And that packet of photons , that bullet package , travel at the speed of light , and , again , a million times faster than a common bullet .
If we take that bullet and this packet of photons and shoot this bottle , how do you disperse those photons into this bottle ?
So what is the light aspect of the light in slow ?
Now , all of this -- remember that all of this happens in less than a <unk> is what it takes to travel .
But this video is 10 billion times slower so that you can see the light in motion .
Coca-Cola did n't look at this research . These are a lot of things in this movie ; I 'll give you this information to show what 's going on .
The pulse , our bullet , walks into the bottle with a packet of photons that starts <unk> , and that , inside , it starts <unk> .
Part of the light vanishing , goes to the table , and we started to see these ripples .
Many of the photons finally come to the lid , and then they explode in various directions .
As you can see , there 's a bubble of air that bounces inside .
At that time , the waves travel down the table , and because of the insights on the top , you see in the bottom of the bottle , after several frames , that reflections will concentrate .
Now , if we take a common bullet and we do it , and we 're going to run the same distance and see it in slow motion at about 10 billion times , how much do you think it would take us to see that movie ?
One day ? One week ? Actually , a whole year .
It would be a very boring film of a slow bullet in motion .
And what about testing of dead nature ?
You can see the waves coming down from the table , the tomato and the wall of the wall .
It 's like throwing a stone on a pond .
It 's the way nature paints a picture , I thought , from a <unk> at once , but of course our eyes see an integral composition .
But if you look again this tomato , you 'll notice that , as the light takes over the tomato , it 's still bright . It does n't get dark .
Why ? Because the tomato is ripe and the light bounces inside it and it goes back after several <unk> of second .
In the future , when this <unk> is in your cell phones , you 're going to be able to go to the supermarket and check if the fruit is grown without having to touch it .
Why do we create this camera at MIT ?
As photographers , you know , if we take a picture at low exposure , it comes very little light .
But we 're going to go to a billion times faster than the shortest exhibition , so I 'll just just get into some light .
We sent that bullet , that packet of photons , millions of times , and we recorded over and over again with very cleverly , we took those gigabytes of data and <unk> <unk> to create those <unk> that I showed you .
We can take all of these raw data data and make it interesting .
Superman can fly .
Other heroes can become invisible .
And if a new power of a superhero future would allow him to see behind the corners ?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door . You know , you go into the room , a part goes to reflect on the door , and from there to the camera .
Where we could extract those multiple light bounces .
It 's not science fiction . We 've already built it .
On the left , it 's our <unk> .
Behind the wall there 's a mannequin , and you shine the light on the door .
After the publication of our article in Nature Communications .
And a tiny fraction of photons will come back to the camera , but interestingly , at slightly different times .
And as we have a camera that works so fast , our <unk> , has unique capacities .
It has very good time resolution , and it can look at the world at the speed of light .
So we know the distances to the door , and also to the hidden objects , but we do n't know what point it corresponds to you .
When you project a laser , you can record a raw photo , you see on the screen , it really does n't make any sense .
But we 're going to take lots of images like that , dozens of images , we 're going to collect them and we 're trying to analyze the multiple bounces of light , and with that , we can see the hidden object ?
Can we look at it in 3D ?
This is our reconstruction .
We have things to explore before we get this out of the lab , but in the future , we could create cars that avoid collisions with what 's going on on the curve .
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions by looking at light reflected through open windows .
Or we could build <unk> able to see the inside of the body through <unk> , and the same thing for <unk> .
But of course , because of the tissue and the blood , this is quite difficult , so actually this is an order for scientists to start thinking about <unk> as a new mode of visualization to solve the problems of imaging in the next generation .
So as Doc <unk> , himself a scientist , became science in art , an art of photographs .
And I realized that all gigabytes of data that we collected every time is not just for scientific views , but we can see that we can .
creating a new form of computational photography with slow motion and color code .
And let 's look at those waves . Remember , the time between each of those waves is from just a <unk> .
But here is something fun here .
If you look at the waves under the lid , you 're going to get away from us .
The waves should move towards us .
What 's going on here ?
It turns out that , as we 're recording almost at the speed of light , we have weird effects . And Einstein would have loved it to see this image .
The order where the events are happening in the world sometimes appears invested in the camera .
We 're going to unlock corresponding warping of space and time , we can correct this distortion .
It 's time . Thank you .
Hello . This is my mobile phone .
A cell phone can change life , and it gives you individual freedom .
With a mobile phone , you can put a crime against humanity in Syria .
With a cell phone , you can tweet a message and start a protest in Egypt .
With a cell phone , you can record a song , put it to <unk> and make it famous .
This is all possible with a mobile phone .
I 'm a <unk> of 1984 and alive in the city of Berlin .
Let 's go back to that moment , to this city .
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were protesting looking for a change .
This is the fall of 1989 , and imagine if all these people put together that they 're looking for a change , they had a mobile in your pocket .
Who on top of this have a mobile phone here ?
<unk> .
Hands up , <unk> !
<unk> . An Android , a Blackberry , wow !
It 's a lot . Almost everybody today has a cell phone .
But today I 'm talking about me , my mobile phone , and how I changed life .
I 'm going to talk about this .
These are 35 <unk> of information .
At raw data .
Why is that information there ?
Because in the summer of 2006 , the Commission of the E.U . I presented a directive .
The <unk> of Data .
This directive says that every European telephone company , every single Internet provider , has to store a whole range of information from users .
Who calls whom . Who sends an email whom .
Who sends a text to whom .
And if we use mobile , where we are .
This whole information is stored for at least six months , and to two years , in their phone company or your Internet provider .
And in all Europe , people stood up and said , `` We do n't want this . ''
They said they did n't want this data retention .
We want the self-determination in the digital age , and we do n't want the phone and the Internet service providers and the Internet providers stored all this information about us .
There was lawyers , journalists , priests , everybody said , `` We do n't want this . ''
And here you can see about 10,000 people who came out to the streets in Berlin , and they said , `` Freedom , not fear . ''
And some of you even said this would be 2.0 2.0 .
<unk> was the secret police of East Germany .
And I also wondered if this works really .
Can you store all this information about us ?
Any time you use mobile ?
So I asked my phone , <unk> <unk> , who at the time was the largest telephone company in Germany , which please give me all the information you had about me .
I asked them once , and I went back to ask , and I did n't get a concrete response . It was all blah blah .
But then I said , `` I want to have this information , because you 're my life . ''
So I decided to give you a demand for court , because I wanted to have this information .
But <unk> <unk> said no , we wo n't give this information .
At the end , they would agree .
They demand the demand and they sent me the information I would ask .
Meanwhile , the German <unk> Court failed the <unk> for the German law of the E.U .
So I got this ugly little on brown with a CD inside .
And on the CD there was this .
Thirty and 5,000 <unk> of information lines .
At first I saw them , and I said , well , it 's a huge archive . Okay .
But after a while , I realized that it 's my life .
There are six months of my life in this archive .
It was a bit skeptical : what should I do with that ?
Because you can see where I 'm at night , what I 'm doing .
But then I said , I want this information to go out .
I want to make it public .
Because I want to show people what the retention of data means .
So , with <unk> Online and Open Data , we did this .
This is a six-month visualization of my life .
You can zoom in and zoom in , go backwards and forward .
You can see every step I give .
And you can see how I 'm going from <unk> on the <unk> , and how often I call it on the journey .
This is all possible with this information .
That 's a bit of fear .
But it 's not only about me .
It 's all about us .
First , there are things like , I call my wife and she calls me , we talked a couple of times .
And then they call me some friends , and they 're called each other .
And then you call the other , and the other one , and we ended up with this big network of communications .
You can see how your people communicate with each other , what time they call each other , what time they sleep .
You can see all this .
You can see the centers , the group leaders .
If you have access to this information , you can see what society is doing .
If you have access to this information , you can control your society .
This is a model for countries like China and Iran .
This is a model to study the form of your society , because you know who speaks to who , who gives you an email to who , all of this is possible if you have access to this information .
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe , and to two years .
As I said at the beginning , imagine if all these people in the streets in Berlin , in the fall of 1989 , they had a cell phone in your pocket .
And the <unk> would have known who participated in this protest , and if the <unk> had known who the leaders were , this would never have happened .
The fall of the Berlin Wall may never have happened .
And so , as a result , not the fall of the <unk> .
Because today state agencies and companies want to store so much information from us as possible inside and out of the web .
They want to have the ability to follow our lives and they want to do it forever .
But the self-determination and living in the digital age is not a contradiction .
But today you have to fight for self-determination .
You have to fight for that every day .
When you go home to tell your friends that privacy is an value of the 21st century , and that 's not past fashion .
When you go home , tell your representative that just because companies and state agencies can store some information , they do n't have to do it .
And if you do n't believe me , ask your phone company , what information they store of you .
So in the future , every time you use your cell phones , which will help them to remember that they have to fight the self-determination in the digital age .
Thank you .
Hello TEDWomen , what happens ?
It 's not enough .
Hello TEDWomen , what happens ?
I call myself <unk> and I 'm not <unk> , but I know the doctor who brought me to the world .
I 'm going to give my mom six times in six different directions , <unk> the poor of me in the process .
As a result , I 've got brain palsy , so I 'm going to spend all the time .
Look .
It 's tiring . I 'm like a mixture of <unk> .
And Muhammad in .
Video C. Not genetics .
It 's not <unk> ca n't contract .
Nobody <unk> my mom 's uterus and not <unk> because my parents were cousins , even though they are .
Only by accidents , like the one that happened to me at birth .
Now , I warn you , I 'm not a source of inspiration .
It feels bad for me , because at some point in life , they have become disabled .
Let 's walk .
Christmas Christmas , they 're in the mall , drive in circles and search circles and what you see ?
There 's 16 empty empty places .
And you think , `` God , I can be at least a little bit disabled ? ''
Also , I tell you , I 've got 99 problems , and it 's just one of them .
From there 's a oppression of oppression , I would win the gold medal .
I 'm Palestinian , Muslim , woman , disabled and alive in New Jersey .
If you do n't feel better , you probably should .
I am from <unk> Park , in New Jersey .
I always loved my neighborhood and my disease had the same initials .
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my home to New York .
Many people with cerebral palsy do n't walk , but my parents do n't believe in the `` Ca n't be . ''
The mantra of my father was , `` You can do [ cannon ] do it ; dancing <unk> . ''
If my three older sisters <unk> , I wiped out .
If my three older sisters went to the public school , my parents went to the school system , and I 'll be convinced that I was also , and if we did n't take all the most , and if we did n't take on all the top grade .
My father taught me to walk at five years putting my heel in their feet and simply walking .
Another tactic I used was to hang up a dollar in front of me , so that we would get it .
The <unk> I 'm wearing was very strong and ...
Yeah . The first day in kindergarten was walked as a boxing champion who has gotten many strokes .
Growing up , there were only six Arabs in my city and were all of the family .
Now there are 20 Arabs , and they remain all of the family -- I think nobody realized we were n't Italians .
This was before 9/11 , and that politicians would think appropriate to use `` hate Muslims . ''
The people that I grew up with had no problems with my faith .
Yet , it seemed like a lot of it was dying of hunger during the <unk> .
I told them that he had enough fat to live three months without eating , so fast at dawn on sunset is very easy .
I danced on Broadway .
Yes , on Broadway . It 's crazy . My parents could n't afford physical therapy , so they sent me to dance school .
I learned to dance with heels , whatever I can walk with heels .
I 'm from New Jersey , and there we want to be <unk> , so if my friends used heels , I also .
And when my friends were going to spend on the summer vacation on the Jersey of Jersey , I was n't .
I spent my summers in a war zone , because my parents were afraid that if we do n't go back to Palestine , all the summers , we ran into Madonna .
On summer vacation , often my father was trying to <unk> , so I was drinking milk in my back , and they put me warm cups on my back , I 'm going to get me back in the Dead Sea , and I remember , `` It works , it works ! ''
But the silver cure was yoga .
I must say it 's very boring , but before doing yoga was a comedian who could n't stand up .
And now I can stand on your head .
My parents were taking this idea that I could do anything , that no dream was impossible , and my dream was to be in the General Hospital .
I went to college through positive discrimination and I got a scholarship to the <unk> , University of the State of Arizona , because I was in all the <unk> .
It was like the pet <unk> of the theater department .
Everybody loved me .
I did all the least intelligent tasks , I took the ultimate note in my classes , and also in his classes .
Every time I made a scene from the glass zoo my professors <unk> .
But I never got a paper .
Finally , in my last year , the <unk> decided to make a play called a very slow dance .
It 's a work of a girl with cerebral palsy .
I was a girl with cerebral palsy .
So I started screaming at the four winds , `` The end will have a paper !
I have cerebral palsy .
At the end , at the end of free !
Thank you God all-powerful , I mean , I 'm free ! ''
I did n't get the paper . They gave him Brown .
I went to <unk> running the director of the theater department , crying historically , as somebody would have killed my cat , and ask why , and she told me why , she told me that because they thought I could n't make stunts .
And I said , `` Excuse me , if I ca n't make stunts , you ca n't do the character . ''
It was a role for which I literally was born and gave it to an actress without cerebral palsy .
I was imitating my life .
Hollywood has a story of <unk> actors without disability for disabled actors .
When I graduated home , I went home , and my first <unk> tour was an extra piece of paper .
My dream became true .
And I knew it would be <unk> from `` companion '' to `` best friend , '' in a <unk> .
Instead , I stayed there like a vase , and I was n't seen more than the back of the back , and it was evident to me that <unk> managers do n't make , no , no , no white , with disability .
It just appealed to perfect people .
But there were exceptions to the rule .
I grew up looking at <unk> Goldberg , <unk> <unk> , Ellen , and all these women had one thing in common : they were comedians .
So I made myself <unk> .
On my first tour , I took famous comic pictures of New York to New Jersey , and I 'll never forget the face of the first comedian that he took when he fell at the high-speed end of the New Jersey highway with a driver who had cerebral palsy .
I worked in clubs in the United States , and also in Arabic in the Middle East , without censorship and without veil .
Some people say I 'm the first <unk> of the Arab world .
I never like to reclaim the first place , but I know you 've never heard that little unpleasant buzz that says that women are not fun , and they find them really fun .
In 2003 , my mother of another mother and father , Dean <unk> , and I launched the New York City Festival in New York City now .
Our goal was to change the negative image of the <unk> in media , and at the time you remind the directors of the <unk> and Arabs are not <unk> .
<unk> Arabs was much easier to fight against the challenge of the stigma stigma .
My great opportunity came in 2010 .
I was like invited to the news program for wire on <unk> with Keith <unk> .
I went into a graduation dance , and I went to a study and sat me into a wheelchair .
I looked at the principal , and I said , `` Excuse me , can you give me another chair ? ''
She looked at me and said , `` Five , four , three , two . ''
And we were live .
So I held up to the speaker desk so I 'm not going to go on the screen during the segment , and when I finished the interview , I was pale .
I finally had my opportunity and <unk> . I knew they would n't come back .
But not only Mr. <unk> went back to having me , but I was like to have a full-time participant and pasted my chair .
Something was fun that I learned live with Keith <unk> was that the people on the Internet are scum .
The kids are told that kids are cruel , but they would never get rid of me nor a child and the older girl .
Suddenly , my disability on the Internet became teased .
You 'd see clips online with comments like , `` Why <unk> ? ''
`` Is it <unk> ? ''
And my favorite , `` Poor <unk> terrorist .
What disease does it have ?
We really should pray for her . ''
A commentator suggested even to add my disability to my rsum , writer , comedian , paralyzed .
Disability is as visual as race .
If someone in a wheelchair ca n't make <unk> , then you ca n't make somebody in a wheelchair .
The disabled are the -- Yes , clap , man . Go .
The disabled are the largest minority of the world , and the most <unk> in the world of entertainment .
The doctors say I 'm not walking , but I 'm here in front of you .
However , having grown up with media media , I do n't think it was .
I hope that together we can create the most positive images of disability in media and in everyday life .
Maybe if there were more positive images , that would be less hatred on the Internet .
Or maybe not .
Maybe we still need the whole society to teach our kids well .
Now , my well-insured journey has led me to very spectacular places .
I came up with the red carpet <unk> by the toilet of Susan <unk> and the infamous <unk> <unk> .
I got to act on a film with Adam <unk> and working with my idol , the incredible Dave Matthews .
<unk> the world is <unk> .
I was <unk> in representation of the great state of New Jersey in 2008 .
And I founded `` The Children of <unk> , '' a charity to give the Palestinian refugee children a tiniest part of what my parents gave me .
It was the only time my father saw me act live , and I do this talk to his memory .
They 're at peace .
I call me <unk> <unk> , and if I can , you can also .
I 'd like to tell you a story about a child of a small village .
I do n't know his name , but I know your story .
He lives in a small village of <unk> .
This village is near <unk> .
The drought drives the little people to poverty and the brink of starvation .
Without it there , it goes to the great city , in this case , <unk> , the capital of Somalia .
When it comes there , there 's no opportunity , there 's no job , no future perspectives .
He just lived in a tent in the city outside of <unk> .
After maybe a year <unk> , nothing .
One day you read about a guy who offers him to take it to lunch , after dinner , to eat .
He knows a dynamic group of people , which gives him a break .
It gets a little bit of money to buy new clothing , money to send home , your family .
They present to a young man .
They finally got home .
It starts a new life .
It 's got a goal of life .
A beautiful day in <unk> , under a blue sky , bursts out a bomb .
That child from that small village with dreams of the great city was the suicide bomber , and that dynamic group of people were to <unk> , a terrorist organization with al Qaeda .
So how does the story of a young village trying to fulfill their dreams in the city ends up with him <unk> ?
He was waiting .
I was waiting for a chance , hoping to start their future , waiting for a future perspective , and this was the first thing that came to him .
This was the first thing that he pulled out of what we call `` the <unk> period . ''
And their story repeats in urban centers around the world .
It 's the story of the marginalized , young people who were <unk> in Johannesburg , <unk> riots in London , who are looking for something beyond the waiting period .
For young people , the promise of the city , the great dream of the city is the opportunity , of jobs , of well-being , but young people are not involved in prosperity of their cities .
It 's often the youth who suffers from the highest unemployment of unemployment .
By 2030 , three of five people who live in cities will be under 18 years .
If we do n't include young people in the rise of our cities , if we do n't provide opportunities , the story of the waiting period , the gateway of access to terrorism , to violence , to gangs , to be the story of 2.0 cities .
And in my hometown of birth , <unk> , 70 percent of young people are unemployed .
70 percent do n't work , it 's not going to school .
They do n't basically do anything .
I went back to <unk> last month , and I went to visit the <unk> Hospital , the hospital I was born .
I remember standing in front of that hospital <unk> thinking , `` What if I 'd never gone ? ''
What if I had been forced to be in that same `` period period '' is ?
Can I become terrorist ?
I 'm not really sure about the answer .
The reason I was in <unk> that month was actually to house a young leader in a business summit .
<unk> about 90 o'clock young leaders .
We sat down , and we had brainstorming on the solutions to the big challenges facing the city .
One of the young people in the room was <unk> .
He went to university University , graduated .
There was no work , no opportunity .
I remember when he said to me , that because he was a graduate university , unemployed , frustrated , was the perfect white for al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations , to be recruited .
They were looking for people like him .
But this story takes a different path .
In <unk> , the biggest obstacle to reach from the point A is the streets .
<unk> years of civil war have completely destroyed the road system , and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize .
He saw an opportunity and the rose .
He started a motorcycle company .
She started taking motorcycles off the local residents who they normally could n't afford them .
I bought 10 bike , with the help of his family and friends , and her dream is at some point to expand hundreds of motorbikes for the next three years .
Why is this story different ?
What does this different story do ?
I think the ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity .
It 's the business spirit , and I think the business spirit can be the most powerful tool for the waiting period .
<unk> young people to be the creators of economic opportunities that are desperately searching for .
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs .
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings , Mohamed <unk> , a <unk> .
I was helping me to train some of the young people at the summit of business and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of business initiative .
In fact , it 's the first <unk> that <unk> has seen in over 22 years , and until Mohamed came , until Mohamed came , if you wanted flowers for your wedding , we were <unk> from plastic from abroad .
If you ask somebody , `` When was the last time you saw fresh flowers ? ''
For those who grew up during the civil war , the answer would be , `` Never . ''
So Mohamed saw an opportunity .
She started a floral design company .
I created a farm on the outskirts of <unk> , and he started growing <unk> and <unk> , who said , they could survive the hard weather of <unk> .
And he started the delivery of flowers for wedding , creating gardens in the houses , and the city companies , and now he 's working in the creation of the first public park in 22 years .
There are no public parks in <unk> .
She wants to create a space where families , young people , can go together , and , like he says , smell the pink <unk> .
By the way , he 's not cultivate pink because it uses a lot of water .
So , the first step is to inspire young people , and in that room , Alice 's presence had a really profound impact on young people .
They 'd never thought about starting a business .
They 'd thought about working for an NGO , working for government , but their story , their innovation , really had a strong impact on them .
He forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunities .
The encouraged to believe that they could be entrepreneurs , who could be <unk> of change .
By the end of the day , they already had innovative solutions to some of the biggest challenges facing the city .
They put business solutions for local problems .
So , to inspire young people and create a culture of entrepreneurial spirit is really a big step , but young people need the capital to make their ideas .
They need expertise and guidance to guide them into the development and put it in their business .
We 're going to get young people to the resources that they need , they will support the support that they need to move from conception to creation , and that will be <unk> for urban growth .
For me , the business spirit is something else to start a business .
It 's creating a social impact .
Mohamed is not just selling flowers .
I think it 's selling hope .
Their Peace Park , this is what it calls him , when it 's created , to transform the way people see their city .
I was hired to hire the streets to help rent and keep the motorbikes for him .
He gave them the opportunity to escape the paralysis of the waiting period .
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact on their cities .
So my suggestion is : to turn young people in entrepreneurs , <unk> and eating their inherent innovation , and they will have more stories about flowers and Parks of the Peace than <unk> and `` <unk> periods . ''
Thank you .
I was about 10 years old , and I went camping with my dad in the <unk> Mountains , an area <unk> in the state of New York City .
It was a beautiful day .
The <unk> forest .
The sun was making the leaves <unk> as a <unk> , and it 's not going to be the way we were still , we could almost pretend we were the first human beings to step on on that land .
We got to our camp .
It was a shed in a <unk> , with a beautiful glass lake when I discovered something horrible .
Behind the shed was a dump , about four square feet with rotten apple hearts with rotten balls of paper , and they 're old .
And I was choked up , I was so angry and incredibly confused .
The <unk> that were too lazy to get out what they had brought , who thought he was going to clean up their garbage ?
That question followed with me , and it was a little bit <unk> .
Who cleans our trash ?
No matter how to organize or where we put in our own , who cleans our garbage in Istanbul ?
Who cleans our garbage in Rio or Paris or London ?
Here in New York , the Department of <unk> , our trash Department , to reason of 11 tons of waste and two tons of recyclable products every day .
I wanted to know to know them as individuals .
I wanted to understand who that work does .
What do you feel like using the uniform and bring that load ?
So I started a research project with them .
I traveled in the trucks and truck for their trajectory and interviewed people in office and facilities across the city , and I learned a lot , but it was still a <unk> .
I needed a little bit more .
So I started working as a trash trash .
Now I did n't just travel in the trucks . I did them .
And it operated the mechanical <unk> and the snow bar .
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning .
Everybody wonders about smell .
It 's there , but it 's not as predominant as you believe , and in the days that it 's very strong , you get used to quickly .
It costs a lot to get used to weight .
I met people who had been working on it for several years and their bodies were still going to take a lot of the weight of taking over their body tons of garbage every week .
It 's also the danger .
According to the Bureau of <unk> Statistics , waste collection is one of the most dangerous <unk> in the country , and I learned the reason .
You 're coming out and moving into traffic all the day and pass around around you .
They just want to <unk> , so the driver is not paying attention .
That 's really bad for the worker .
And also the trash itself is filled with dangers that often fall out of the truck and cause terrible damage .
I also learned about the relentless of garbage .
When you come out of the <unk> , and you see a city from the back of the truck , you get to understand that the trash is like a force of nature itself .
It never stops coming .
It 's also like a form of breathing or circulation .
It always must be in motion .
And it 's also stigma .
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic , because I believe it 's strongly that all of it is the most important workforce in the city streets , for three reasons .
They 're the first protecting of public health .
If you do n't get rid of the waste in a efficient and effective way , this starts <unk> from its container and its dangers inherent to threaten us in very real ways .
Disease that we had been controlled for decades and centuries come back and start <unk> .
The economy needs it .
If we ca n't get rid of the old thing , we do n't have space for what the motors of the economy begin to fail when it 's in danger of consumption .
I 'm not advocating for capitalism , just pointing your relationship .
And then there 's what I call our average daily velocity .
I mean , I mean , just the speed that I used to move in the contemporary time .
We usually do n't care about , nor do we know , we cleaned , or take us with our coffee cup , our bag of <unk> , our water bottle .
We use them , we drop them , we forget about them , because we know that there 's a job force on the other side that we 're going to take out of it .
So today I want to suggest to you a couple of ways of thinking about waste collection that maybe help reduce the stigma and <unk> in that conversation about how to design a sustainable , human city .
Their work , I think , is almost <unk> .
They 're in the street every day , <unk> .
They use a uniform in many cities .
You know when you 're going to go .
And their work allows us to do our work .
They 're almost a form of relief .
The flow that maintain us safely , of our own waste , our waste , and that flow always must stay in one way or another .
One day after September 11 , 2001 , I heard the listener of a collection collection truck on the street , grabbed my little son and went down the stairs running , and there was a man doing his journey of recycled paper like I did all on Wednesday .
And I tried to thank you for doing his work that particular day , but I started crying .
And he looked at me and just nodded , and he said , `` We 're going to be fine .
Let 's be fine . ''
Shortly after that , I started to investigate waste collection , and I went back to see that man .
It 's called <unk> , and we worked together many times , and we made good friends .
I want to believe that I was right .
Let 's be fine .
But in our efforts , the way we exist in this planet as a species we should include and have to account for all the costs , even the real human cost of labor .
The municipal waste , what we think when we talk about garbage , they represent three percent of the amount of waste from the nation .
It 's a remarkable statistic .
So in the flow of your days and their lives , the next you see someone whose work is to clean up the garbage of you , take a moment to recognize them .
Take a moment to tell you .
My work is focused on the connection of thinking about our community life forming part of the environment where architecture is born naturally from the conditions and traditions .
Now I brought two recent projects together as an example of this .
Both projects are located in emerging countries , one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia .
They also share the fact that different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the end of architecture .
The first example began with an invitation to design a <unk> center in the capital of Ethiopia , Addis Ababa .
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example , to my team and me , about what we had to design .
At first , the first thing I thought was , `` I want to go running . ''
After seeing some of these buildings , there are many in the city , we realized there are three important aspects to point out .
In principle , these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people ca n't afford to buy things .
Second , you need to use a lot of energy because the coating with crystals generates heat inside , so it takes a lot of cooling .
In a city where this should n't happen because it 's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees during the entire year .
And third , it looks like nothing to do with Africa or Ethiopia .
It 's a suggestion for a rich place in culture and traditions .
In our first visit to Ethiopia , I really got hooked with the old market , which is the open air structure where thousands of people are going and buy things every day to small marketers .
There 's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity .
So I thought , that was what I really wanted to design , not a mall .
But the question was , how do we build a modern building , several floors , applying these principles .
The next challenge was presented to inspect the site , which is located in an area of much growth in the city , where much of the buildings that we now see in the image , not there .
And it 's also between two streets parallel that are not communicating in an extension of hundreds of feet .
So the first thing we did was we made a connection between these two streets , and by putting up all the entries in the building .
And this extends with a atrium atrium that creates an air in the open air in the building , which is <unk> , by its own way , of the sun and the rain .
And around this space we 've applied the whole market to the small businesses , that changes on every floor because of the form of space .
I also thought , how do we close the building ?
I wanted to find a solution that would promote local climate conditions .
And I started thinking about a tissue that 's similar to a concrete shell shell to allow the air entry , and also of light , but in an filtered way .
Then we were inspired by these beautiful buttons in these Ethiopians , the Ethiopians .
They have properties of fractal geometry , and this helped me model the facade .
We 're building that with these little colorful pieces that are the windows that leave the air and light in a <unk> way inside of the building .
This is <unk> with these little colors of colors that use light inside of the building to illuminate the building at night .
With these ideas , it was n't easy to convince the developers because they thought , `` That 's not a mall . It 's not what we ask . ''
But ultimately we all realized that this idea of the market was much more profitable than the mall in the mall because at the end of the mall there was more local to sell .
And also the idea of the facade was much more economic , not just because of the material compared to the glass , but also because it was no longer necessary to have air conditioning .
So we get some savings in the budget that we use to implement the project .
The first thing was to think about how we can achieve the power of energy for the building in a city where electricity is cut almost every day .
So we got a big advantage to putting up on the roof .
And then under those panels we think about the roof as a new public space with areas of meeting and bars that would create this urban oasis .
And these <unk> on the roof , which together collect water for inner facilities .
It 's expected for the beginning of the next year , because we go for the fifth floor of construction .
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in Tunisia .
And to perform a project that 's so big , the biggest that I 've designed , I need not just to understand the city of Tunisia , but also its environment , its tradition and culture .
And during that analysis , I put especially attention in the <unk> , a <unk> structure that was surrounded by a wall with a dozen <unk> access to almost straight lines .
When I went to the place , the first design operation that we did was expand the streets there , creating 12 early blocks in size and features that there are in Barcelona and other cities of Europe with these courtyards .
In addition to that , we select some strategic dots in relation to the idea of the interconnected doors with straight lines , and this shifted the initial model .
And the last operation was to think of the cell , the little cell of the project , like the apartment , as an essential part of the master plan .
I thought , what would be the best orientation for an apartment in climate <unk> ?
And it 's a standard , because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house and therefore a natural ventilation .
So you can make a schema that makes sure that most of the apartments are perfectly <unk> in that direction .
And this is the result that it 's almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city .
It has these blocks with courtyards , and then on the plant , we have all the connections to pedestrians .
And it also responds to local norms that set up greater density at higher levels and lower density on the plant .
And it also reinforces this idea of doors .
The roof , which is my favorite space of the project is almost like giving back to the community space occupied by construction .
It 's where every neighbors , they can go up and socialize , and do such things like running a <unk> race in the morning , or jump from a building to another .
So these two examples , they have a common approach to design process .
And also , they 're in the emerging countries , where you can see cities literally growing .
In these cities , the impact of architecture in people 's lives changes local communities and local economies at the same rate that grow buildings .
For this reason , I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple , affordable solutions that improve the relationship between the community and the environment , and they have a goal to connect nature with people .
Thank you very much .
When I was eight , a new girl joined our class . It was so remarkable , as you see all the new girls .
He had huge amounts of hair , very bright hair and a little bit of pencils . It was super strong for the state capitals , very good for <unk> .
And I ended up that year and I was filled with jealousy , until my sinister plan .
One day I stayed a while after the school exit . It was a little late and I hid in the girls ' bathroom .
When the shoreline was <unk> , I went out , I walked into the classroom , I took off my master 's table , the grades book .
And then I did .
I 'll take the grades of my rival , just a little bit , just a few .
And I set up all the way . And I signed up to bring the book back into the drawer . But to see , some of my other peers had very good grades .
So , in a frenzy , we 'll take the notes around the world , without any imagination .
I put all of the rows in <unk> and myself a row from this , just because I could ...
I 'm still surprising what I did .
I do n't understand how the idea arose .
I do n't understand why I felt good at doing it .
I felt important .
I do n't understand why I never got caught .
It was that it was all <unk> .
I never discovered me .
But above all , I 'm going to tell me the reason why I was getting bothered by this little girl , so small , it was so good at <unk> .
You know , the jealousy .
They 're so mysterious and so <unk> .
We know that babies suffer from jealousy .
primates . The birds tiles are very likely .
We know that jealousy is the number one cause of spouses in the United States .
And yet I 've never seen a study that look at loneliness , or the long duration or sadness .
So , you have to go to the fiction , because the novels are like the laboratory in which they study jealousy in all its potential shapes .
In fact , I do n't know if it 's an exaggeration to say that if there was no jealousy , there would be no literature .
Well , there would be no Helena , I would n't have `` Odyssey . ''
There was no jealous king , no `` <unk> and <unk> . ''
There would be no Shakespeare .
I was going to look at the lists of high school reading , because we 'd be losing `` The Noise and <unk> , '' there is no Gatsby , and `` Party '' -- we will lose `` Madame <unk> , '' and `` Anna K . ''
Without jealousy , no Proust . I know it 's fashionable .
This year , it 's been achieved by 100 years of his masterpiece , `` In search of the lost time , '' the most comprehensive study of sexual jealousy , and also of ordinary competitiveness , I know , everything we might have , and thinking about Proust , we have the details of it , right ?
We think about a child trying to reconcile to sleep .
We think of a <unk> <unk> in the middle of you .
We forgot how hard that image is .
We forget about how relentless it is .
I mean , it comes to books that Virginia <unk> said they were so hard as a cat <unk> .
I do n't know what the cat <unk> is , but we assume it 's <unk> .
Let 's see why they go so well together , the novel and jealousy , jealousy and Proust .
It 's going to be very obvious as jealousy , which is reduced to the person , your desire , to your liabilities , are a very solid narrative .
I do n't know . I think we got very close to bone , when we think about what happens when we feel jealousy .
When we feel jealousy , we tell ourselves a story .
A story about other people 's lives , and those stories make us feel terrible because they 're designed to make us feel bad .
As storytellers and audience , we know exactly how much details to include , to nail the knife , right ?
<unk> make us all of all amateurs , and that 's something that Proust understood .
Everything that she does to give me pleasure could help him another , maybe right now . ''
And it starts to say that story , and since then , Proust says that every fresh <unk> that <unk> detects in his lover , he adds it to his collection of instruments of torture in his private camera .
You have to admit that <unk> and Proust , they were notoriously jealous .
You know , the Proust of Proust would have to leave the country , if they wanted to break it .
But you do n't have to be so jealous to recognize that it 's hard work . Right ?
<unk> are <unk> .
It 's a hungry emotion . We have to power it .
And how are jealousy ?
<unk> will be thrown out of information .
<unk> use detail .
<unk> them like the big amounts of bright hair and the cute amounts of bright hair and the cute little of pencils .
<unk> were taken from the photos .
That 's why Instagram is so successful , Proust links to the language of <unk> with jealousy .
When you 're <unk> in his agony of jealousy , you suddenly hear behind the gates and <unk> the servants of his lover , then defending those behaviors .
He says , `` Look , I know you think this is disgusting , but it 's not different than the interpretation of an old text or to look at a memorial . ''
He says , `` These are scientific research with real value . ''
Proust is trying to prove that jealousy look like jealousy , and they make us seem to look like <unk> , but in its core , they 're search of knowledge , search of truth , a painful truth . In fact , the more painful truth . In fact , the more painful truth .
Pain , humiliation , loss : These are the pathways towards Proust wisdom .
He says , `` A woman who we need , that makes us suffer , causes a range of much more profound and vital feelings than a wise man who might be interested in . ''
Are we saying that we 're going to look for cruel women ?
No . I think it 's trying to say that jealousy tells us ourselves .
Is there any other emotion that makes us open to us in this particular way ?
Is there another emotion reveals us our <unk> , our horrible ambition and our rights ?
Any other emotion that teaches us to look with such peculiar intensity ?
Freud 'd write about it later .
One day , Freud was visited by a young young man who was consumed with the idea that his wife was going to make it .
And Freud says that there was something weird about that man , who did n't get into what his wife did .
Well she was innocent ; everybody knew it .
The poor creature was under suspicion without suspicion .
But he was looking for things that did his wife , without realizing , involuntary behaviors .
Are you going too much ? Or did n't you accidentally be diagnosed with a man ?
Freud says that man was becoming the <unk> of the unconscious of his wife .
The novels are very good at this .
The novels described very well how jealousy makes us look in intensity , but no precision .
In fact , the more intensely jealous of us are , more we become residents of fantasy .
And for this reason , I think , jealousy lead us to make violent and illegal acts .
<unk> drive us to behave in all of it .
Now I 'm thinking about it at the age of eight , I recognize it . But I 'm also thinking about this story that I heard on the news .
A woman of Michigan for 52 years old was captured by having created a false account on Facebook from which they were sent to <unk> , awful , yes for a year .
For a year .
She was trying to give her the new girlfriend of his former boyfriend . I have to confess that when or this , I teamed up with admiration .
Because , let 's be realistic .
How big , even though unfortunate , creativity . Right ?
It 's like novel .
Like a novel <unk> novel .
<unk> is one of my favorites .
She 's a very strange and brilliant character of American literature .
It 's the author of `` <unk> in a <unk> , '' and `` The <unk> Mr. <unk> , '' books that try to do the jealousy , <unk> our minds , and once we are in the sphere , in the realm of jealousy , the membrane that separates what might be , can be abusive in a moment .
Take Tom <unk> , his most famous character .
Tom <unk> is going to <unk> or want what you have to get out of your self and <unk> what you ever had , and it 's under the floor . It 's <unk> your rings , and it takes your name , your bank accounts .
It 's a way .
But what do we do ? We ca n't take a <unk> route .
I ca n't give you all over the world as much as I sometimes want .
It 's a shame , because we live in times of envy .
We live in the times of jealousy .
I mean , are we good citizens of social networks , where is the currency envy ? Right ?
The novels show us the exit ? I 'm not sure .
So we 're going to do what characters always do when they 're not safe , when they 're in a mystery .
Let 's go to the <unk> of Baker Street and ask for Sherlock Holmes .
When people think about Holmes , they think about the <unk> curse in Professor Moriarty , that criminal genius .
But I 've always wanted [ to <unk> ] <unk> , the head of a rat of <unk> agents who need treated desperately , needs genie 's genius , but he 's annoyed him .
Oh , it sounds so familiar .
<unk> needs its help , but they <unk> it , and they <unk> the bitterness and they would go through each other .
But as they work together , something starts to change , and finally in `` The <unk> of The Six <unk> , '' once Holmes comes in , <unk> all over the solution , <unk> back to Holmes and says , `` We 're not jealous , Mr. Holmes .
We 're proud of you . ''
And he tells him that there 's no person in <unk> agents who did n't want to raise your hand .
It 's one of the times we see relocated in history , and it seems to me very emotional . That 's also mysterious , right ?
It seems to treat jealousy as a geometry problem , without emotion .
You know , in a minute , there 's the opposite side of <unk> .
The next minute , the next minute .
Suddenly , <unk> allows you to admire that idea of being the <unk> .
Could it still be so simple ?
What happens if jealousy really are a matter of geometry , just a question of where we allow us to be in relation to the other ?
Well , maybe we do n't have to be <unk> from the other .
We can relate to it .
But I like contingency plans .
So while we hope that happens , let 's remember that we have fiction for <unk> .
It 's only fiction of the fiction of jealousy .
fiction used to you , they invited them to the table .
And look at what puts it : the sweet <unk> , the terrifying <unk> <unk> , the crazy <unk> , the very Proust Marcel Proust .
We 're in great company .
Thank you .
We used to solve big problems .
On July 21 , 1969 , Buzz Aldrin jumped outside the Apollo de Apollo 11 and landed on the <unk> Sea .
Armstrong and Aldrin were alone , but his presence in the gray surface was the culmination of a collective , collective process .
The Apollo program was the biggest mobilization in peace in the history of America .
To get to the Moon , NASA 's spent about 180 billion dollars today , or four percent of the federal budget .
The Apollo gave about 400,000 people and asked about 20,000 companies , universities and government agencies .
They died , including the Apollo crew crew one .
But before the Apollo <unk> program , 24 men went to the moon .
He walked on top of his surface , which he performed after Armstrong died last year , is now the older man .
So why were they ?
They did n't have brought up a lot of a turn : 75 kilos of old rocks , and something that 24 <unk> later , a new sense of the viewer and the fragility of our common home .
Why were they ? The cynical answer is that he was because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate to the Soviets , that this nation was better rockets .
But the words of Kennedy in Rice University in 1962 give us a better idea .
John F. Kennedy : Some people ask , why is the moon ?
Why turn it to our goal ?
And you could also ask , why scale up the tallest mountain ?
35 years ago , why will we fly over the Atlantic ?
Why do he play Rice against Texas ?
We chose to go to the Moon .
We chose to go to the Moon .
We chose to go to the Moon in this decade , and do other things , not because they 're simple , but because they 're hard .
Jason <unk> : By the contemporaries , the Apollo was not just a victory of the West over the Cold War .
At the time , the strongest emotion was the wonder in the transcendence of the powers of technology .
They were because it was a great thing to do .
The landing on the Moon occurred in a context of a long list of technological achievement .
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the plane , penicillin and the vaccine for tuberculosis .
In the middle of the century , it was <unk> , and the <unk> was removed .
Technology seemed to own what it looked like <unk> in 1970 , called `` <unk> force . ''
For most of the history of humanity , we could n't go faster than a horse , or a ship with sail , but in 1969 , the Apollo crew crew Apollo , 10 kilometers away .
Since 1970 , no human being has gone back to the moon .
No one has traveled faster than the Apollo crew on Apollo 10 , and the joyful optimism about the power of technology has evaporated from seeing that the problems that we imagine would solve the technology that we imagine would solve the technology , create a clean energy , to cure the cancer population seem to be intractable .
I remember seeing on Apollo 17 .
And my mother was five years old , and my mother told me that you would not look at the <unk> tube by the rocket Saturn V .
I knew <unk> that this would be the last mission , but I was completely sure I 'd come to see the colonies on Mars .
So that from `` Something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology , '' has become a common place .
We heard it all the time .
We heard that for the last two days here , at TED .
It seems like the technologists had distracted us , and they were enriched with trivial toys , things like iPhones , apps and social networks , or algorithms that speed up the automated sale .
There 's nothing wrong with most of these things .
They 've expanded and enriched our lives .
But they do n't solve the great problems of humanity .
What happened ?
There 's a vanilla explanation in Silicon Valley , which <unk> that they 've created less ambitious companies that were made of the years in which Intel , Microsoft , Apple and <unk> .
Silicon Valley says that markets are the perpetrators , specifically , the incentives that the venture capitalists offer to the entrepreneurs .
Silicon Valley says that investment investment caused the creation of ideas by creating incremental problems or even false problems .
But I do n't think this explanation is good enough .
It was mostly going wrong in <unk> Valley .
Even when the venture capitalists were at their peak without caring for risk , they preferred small investments , tiny investments that they could go out in 10 years .
<unk> . They 've always had trouble investing in technologies like energy , which need massive capital and whose development is in the long term . They do n't have invested in the development of technologies intended to solve big problems because they do n't have a immediate commercial value .
No , the reasons why we ca n't solve big problems are more complicated and profound .
Sometimes we 're choosing to do n't solve big problems .
We could go to Mars if we wanted to .
NASA has even designed a plan .
But going to Mars , it would require a political decision to be popular , and that will never happen .
We wo n't go to Mars because everybody thinks that there are more important things to do on Earth .
Sometimes we ca n't solve the big problems because political systems fail .
Today , less than two percent of the global energy consumption comes from renewable energy as solar , wind and <unk> -- less than two percent , and the reason is completely economic .
Coal and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind , and oil is cheaper than <unk> .
We want sources of alternative energy that they can compete at at price .
Now , technologists , entrepreneurs and economists agree about what politics and international treaties are developing the development of an alternative energy , mostly , a significant increase in research and energy development , and some kind of control price .
But there is no hope in political climate today that we 're going to see an energy policy , or international treaties that reflect that consensus .
Sometimes , the big problems that looked like technological , are not going to be .
We know from the time that famines are a result of failure in the food level .
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are political crisis that affect the distribution of food .
Technology can improve things like crops or systems for storage and food food , but there will be famines as there were bad governments .
Finally , big problems sometimes make a solution because we do n't understand the problem really .
President Nixon was declared to the cancer in 1971 , but soon we found that there are many types of cancer , some brutally resistant to treatment , and only over the last 10 years , they seem to have found effective and effective treatments .
The difficult problems are difficult .
It 's not true that we could n't solve problems with technology .
We can and we must , but these four elements have to be present : Political leaders and population must want to solve the problem , the institutions must support the solution ; it must be really a technological problem ; and we must understand it .
The Apollo Apollo , which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems , meets those criteria .
But it 's a <unk> model in the future .
We 're not in 1961 .
There 's no competition <unk> like the Cold War , there 's no politician like John Kennedy who 's going to define how hard and dangerous , and there 's not a popular mythology of science fiction like exploring the solar system .
In general , going to the moon turned out to be simple .
It was just three days .
And really , I was n't even dealing with any problem .
We are alone in our present , and the solutions of the future will be harder to get .
God knows that we 're not missing the challenges .
Thank you very much .
Well , I 'm going to talk about trust , and I 'm going to start <unk> the widespread ideas that you have about trust .
They 're so common that they have become <unk> of our society .
I think it 's three .
The first one is a claim : there 's been a great decline of trust , is a very widespread belief .
The second is a goal : we should have more confidence .
And the third one is a task : we should support trust .
I think the claim , the goal and the task have been wrong .
What I 'm going to try and tell you about today is a different story about a claim , a goal and a task , which I think gives you a more clear idea about the subject .
First of all , I mean , why do people think that trust has gone ?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence , I do n't know the answer .
I bow to think that may have gone down in some activities or institutions , and that could have risen on others .
I 'm not clear .
But I can turn to opinion polls , and the opinion polls are supposed to be the source of belief that trust has gone down .
When you look at opinion polls over time , there 's no many evidence of it .
I mean , the people who were <unk> 20 years ago , mostly journalists and politicians remain inspiring the same .
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago are still quite reliable , judges , nurses .
The rest of us are in the middle , and by the way , the average citizen of the street is almost exactly halfway through .
But is this evidence for enough ?
What <unk> opinion polls are , of course , opinions .
What else can you record ?
What you 're looking at is the generic attitudes that people are doing when they 're doing some questions .
Trust in politicians ? Trust ?
Now , if someone asked you , `` Are you going to be in <unk> ?
Was it on the fishermen ?
<unk> in elementary teachers ? ''
You probably wanted to ask , `` To do what ? ''
And that would be a very sensible answer .
And you could say , when you 've said your question , `` Well , I trust some of them , but in others not . ''
What 's very rational .
Ultimately , in real life , we tend to deposit the confidence in a separate way .
We do n't assume that the level of confidence that we 're going to feel for a given type of official , official or guy , is going to be uniform in all cases .
I could , for example , to say I trust a certain elementary teacher that I know to give the class class , but no way to drive the school <unk> .
After all , I could know that it was n't a good driver .
I could trust my most talkative friend to keep a conversation , but not maybe , to keep a secret .
Simple .
And if we 've got those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is separated , why do we leave that knowledge from all of that knowledge when we think about trust in a more abstract way ?
I think that surveys are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust , because they try to deal with the good judgment in fact to trust something or someone .
Second , what about the goal ?
The goal is to get more confidence .
Frankly , I think it 's a stupid goal .
It 's not the goal that I <unk> .
I will get more confidence in what 's trusted , but not what it is .
Anyway , I 'm keen to do n't trust what 's not reliable .
And I think that those people who put their savings with the very rightly rightly called Mr. Madoff , who then disappeared with them , I think of them , and I think , well , they were too confident .
Having more confidence is not an intelligent target in this life .
chairs deposited or shuffled with intelligence , that 's the right goal .
Once you say it , it says , yes , it 's worth , that means that what matters first is not trust , but trustworthiness .
What it 's about is doing a judgment of how reliable people are in certain ways .
And I think that in order to make a judgment , we are forced to focus on three things .
Are you competent ? Are you honest ? Are they responsible ?
And if we found that a person is competent in the <unk> subjects , and it 's responsible and honest , then we 'll have a very good reason to trust it , because it 's going to be worthy of trust .
But if , in contrast , they 're not responsible , we could n't trust them .
I have friends who are competent and honest , but I did n't trust them to take a letter to the email , because they 're <unk> .
I have friends who are very sure that they can do certain things , but I see that they 're going to get their own skills .
And I 'm glad to say that I think I have no many friends who are competent and responsible , but extremely <unk> .
If this is , I still did n't realize it .
But that 's what we 're looking for : trustworthiness before that trust .
The trust is the answer .
<unk> is what we need to judge .
And , of course , it 's hard .
In the last decades , we 've been trying to build accountability systems for all sorts of institutions , professionals , and so forth , who made us easier to judge their trustworthiness .
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect .
They do n't work as they should .
I remember once I was talking to a <unk> , and he said , `` Well , you 'll see the problem is that it takes longer it takes longer to make the management paperwork I 'll attend to . ''
And we found the same problem in all of our public life , institutional life , that the accountability system that is destined to ensure trustworthiness and the evidence of trustworthiness , is actually doing the opposite .
What they do is they get the work of the people who have to do difficult tasks , like the midwives , they 're going to say `` <unk> <unk> , '' as we say .
I 'm sure all of you know similar examples .
All of that , for the goal .
I think that the goal should be more trustworthiness , and that things would be different if we are worthy of being worthy of trust , and we give them to the people that we are reliable and if you try to determine whether other people , no officials or politicians are trustworthy .
It 's not easy . It 's the judgment , simple actions , attitudes , what 's not done properly .
Third , the task .
<unk> the task to rebuild the confidence , puts things upside down .
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust .
Well , we can do it with ourselves .
We can rebuild a little bit of trustworthiness .
We can do it if it 's two people , together , trying to improve trust .
But trust , ultimately , is distinctive because they give us other people .
You ca n't rebuild what other people have given you .
You have to give you the bases enough to be able to trust you .
You have to be worthy of trust .
And that , of course , is because you ca n't trick , usually , to all people , all the time .
But you also have to add some evidence that you are worthy of trust .
How do we do that ?
That 's a daily basis , everywhere , the common people , the officials , the institutions , very effectively .
Let me give you a simple example .
The store where I buy my socks says I can return them without giving any explanations .
I 've been wearing them and get the money back , or they change it for the color that I want .
That 's great . I rely on them because they became vulnerable to me .
I think there 's a big lesson in that .
If you become vulnerable to the other part , that 's a very good proof that you 're worthy of trust , and you get confidence in what you 're saying .
So in the end , I think that what we 're aiming at is not a very hard thing to tell .
What people rely on is in relationships , and in that frame , they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust .
Thank you .
From the beginning of computers , we 've been working on the way that we 've been working for the separation between us and the digital information , the separation between our material world and the world of the screen where the imagination can be formed .
This separation has gone down , increasingly and more , to about one millimeter , is less than one millimeter , the thickness of a screen screen , and the power of computing has become increasingly accessible to all .
But I wonder , and if there were no barriers ?
I started imagining what it would be .
So first I created this tool that comes deeper into digital space , so that when the strong <unk> against the screen transfers its physical body to pixels .
Designers can make their ideas directly in 3D , and surgeons can practice with virtual organs below the screen .
So with this tool , we break the barriers .
But the two hands remain still out of the screen .
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity of your hands ?
In the original Science division of Microsoft , along with my mentor <unk> <unk> , <unk> the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital <unk> area .
And so by using a transparent bombsight with the cameras to detect the fingers and the face , you can now pick up the hands of the keyboard , get inside of the 3D space , and grab pixels directly with your hands .
As the windows and archives have a location in real space , it 's so easy to grab a shelf book .
You can flip through the book and highlight lines or words with the virtual touch sensor that 's down on every floating screen .
Architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with their hands .
In these examples , we type in the digital world .
And if we invest the papers and make digital information come towards us ?
Surely , many of us would have bought and back to the Internet .
Now that does n't have to worry .
So what I 've got here is a virtual plug on the Internet .
This is the vision that you get from a device on your head or translucent when the system is understanding the geometry of your body .
If we take this idea further , I thought , instead of just seeing pixels in space , how can we make physical people so that we can touch them and feel them ?
How would it be a future like this ?
At the MIT Media Lab with my tutor Hiroshi Ishii and my collaborator <unk> Post , we created this only physical pixel .
This spherical magnet is like a 3D pixel in space , which means that both the computer as the users can move the object anywhere in this little three-dimensional space .
<unk> , what we did was the gravity of gravity and control the movement through a combination of levitation , mechanical <unk> and detectors .
And by programming the object , we released it from the constraints of time and space , which means that human movements can come back and go back to reproduce and have forever in the physical world .
You can teach physically physically and distance , and the famous shot from Michael Jordan can be reproduce as a physical reality the times we wanted .
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the planets ' movement , the physics , and , unlike monitors or textbooks , this is a real and palpable experience that you can touch and feel . It 's very powerful .
But what 's more fascinating to change the physics of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities .
As you see , digital information is not just going to show us something , but to start acting directly on us as part of the physical world around us without us having to get rid of our world .
So we started the talk today talking about a barrier , but if we suppress that barrier , the only limit that remains is our imagination .
Thank you .
I was fascinated by becoming <unk> for two years in <unk> , China , in the '70s .
When I was in first grade , the government wanted to go to a school for athletes with all expenses fees .
But my tiger mother said , `` No . ''
My parents wanted me to become engineering , like them .
After I survive the Cultural Revolution , they believed strongly that there was only a accurate path towards happiness : a safe and safe job .
No matter whether I 'd like the job or not .
But my dream was to be an Chinese opera singer .
This was me , in my imaginary piano .
An opera singer has to start <unk> from very young to learn the tricks , so I tried everything I could to go to the opera school .
I even wrote to the director of school and the host of a radio show .
But at any adult , you get the idea .
No adult took me seriously .
Only my friends were supportive , but they were children , without authority , like me .
So , at the age of 15 , I knew it was too much better to train .
My dream will never happen .
I was afraid , that during the rest of my life , a second class happiness was the only thing I could aspire to .
And this was so unfair .
So I decided to look for another calling .
No one to me around me wanted to teach me ? Okay .
Let 's go to books .
[ `` Works <unk> '' <unk> -- [ aka ] [ aka ] [ `` The <unk> of History '' ] I came to America in 1995 , and what were the first books I read here ?
They were banned in China , of course .
`` The Great Earth '' is the Chinese Chinese life .
And it 's not a convenient propaganda . <unk> .
The Bible is interesting , but strange .
That 's a theme for another day .
But the fifth commandment for me was an epiphany : `` <unk> your father and your mother . ''
`` <unk> , '' I said , `` It 's so different , and much better than obey . ''
So it became my tool to get out of this cruel fault trap and to reset the relationship with my parents .
I meet with a new culture also led to my comparative reading habit .
Let 's make a lot of perspectives .
For example , at the beginning , this map seemed to me , because this is what students in China learn .
I had never occurred to me , that China did n't have to be in the center of the world .
A map involves the perspective of people .
Now , comparative reading is not something new .
It 's a common practice in the academic world .
There are all the fields of research as comparative religion and comparative literature .
Comparing and contrast , it offers academics a deeper understanding of a subject .
And I thought , if the comparative reading worked to investigate , why do n't you do it in everyday life ?
So I started reading books from two .
You can treat people , `` Benjamin Franklin , '' [ `` John Adams , '' who were involved in a kind of thing , or friends with shared experiences .
For the Christ , temptation are economic and political and spiritual .
By the Buddha , they 're all psychological : lust , fear and social duty -- interesting .
If you know another language , it 's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages .
[ `` The eve of Tzu 's '' Thomas <unk> ] [ `` The Road at Tao '' Alan <unk> ] Instead of missing in translation , I found that you can win a lot of it .
For example , it 's through the translation that I realized `` happiness '' in Chinese , it literally means `` Quick joy . ''
And `` girlfriend '' in Chinese , literally means `` new mother . ''
The books opened me a magic door to reconnect with people from the past and the present .
I know that I 'm not going to be used to feeling alone or powerless .
Having a broken dream is really nothing compared to what many others have suffered .
I 've come to believe that the realization is not the only purpose of a dream .
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place that dreams come from , where the passion comes from , where your happiness comes from .
Even a shattered dream can do that for you .
And it 's because of books , that today I 'm here , happy , living again with purpose and clearly , most of the time .
So the books will always join you .
Thank you .
Thank you .
When I was in my <unk> , I saw my first client of psychotherapy .
I was a graduate student in clinical psychology in Berkeley .
She was a 13-year-old woman named Alex .
So Alex walked into the first session using jeans and a <unk> <unk> , went on the couch my office took away , and told me she wanted to talk about his problems with men .
When I heard this , I felt so relieved .
My roommate had a <unk> as a first customer .
And I got a <unk> that I wanted to talk about men .
I thought I could handle it .
But I did n't .
With the stories that Alex brought to the sessions , he was easy to just move my head to the head , while he would take the solution .
`` The 30s are the new 20 , '' and he said Alex , and what I saw , she was right .
You start to work later , you get home later , you have kids later , you have kids later .
For <unk> and I had a few time .
But shortly afterwards , my supervisor took me to push to Alex talking about his loving life .
I was arrested .
I said , `` Of course , it 's coming out with guys under your category , and he sits down with a <unk> head , but it 's not like it was to marry him . ''
And then my supervisor said , `` Not yet , but maybe you get married with the next one .
Also , the best time to work in Alex 's marriage is before they get married . ''
This is what psychologists call a `` Aha ! ''
It was when I realized that the '30s is not the new <unk> .
Yes , people feel a head after what was used to , but this did n't make the <unk> of Alex being a break in their development .
This made it that Alex 's <unk> was the perfect time , and we were wasting it .
So I realized that this benign recklessness was a real problem and had real consequences , not just to Alex and his loving life , but for the careers , the families and the future of <unk> everywhere .
There are 50 million <unk> in America today .
This means 15 percent of the population , or 100 percent if you think no one comes to adulthood without spending before by <unk> .
Hands up if you 're in your <unk> .
I want to see the <unk> here .
Oh , yeah ! They 're amazing .
If you work with <unk> , they love a retrospective , you take away the dream , a dozen , I want to see . Wow . Incredible matter .
This is not just my opinion . These are the facts .
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will spend at the age of 35 .
This means that eight of every 10 decisions and experiences and moments `` Aha ! '' that shapes your life will have happened to you when you have 30 and so many .
People about 40 , do n't panic .
This audience is going to be well , I think .
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an exponential impact on how much money they win .
We know that more than half the Americans are married , they live or they 're coming out with their future partner at 30 years .
We know that the brain ends up its second , and last stage of growth in its <unk> and turned out to adulthood , which means that if there 's something you want to change themselves , now it 's time to change it .
We know that personality changes more times during its <unk> than at any time in life , and we know that female fertility comes to its top to the 28 , and things become complicated at 35 .
<unk> are the moment for education on your body and their options .
When we think about the development of the child , we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain .
It 's a moment in which your life and everyday life has an impact on the person who will become .
But what we do n't hear often is that there is something called adult development and our <unk> are a critical moment in adult development .
But this is not what the <unk> are listening .
The newspapers talk about changes in the timeline of adulthood .
The researchers call them an extended adolescence .
journalists name them names ridiculous as `` <unk> '' and `` <unk> . ''
It 's true .
As a culture , we 've considered a triviality which is actually the decade that defines adulthood .
Leonard Bernstein said that to make big things , you need a plan , not enough time .
Is n't it true ?
What do you think about when you give a <unk> on your head and say , `` You have another 10 years to start your life ? ''
Nothing happens .
They stole that person the sense of urgency and ambition and absolutely nothing happens .
And then every day , <unk> , interesting like you or your kids and daughters come to my office and say something like this : `` I know that my boyfriend is not good for me , but this relationship does n't matter . I 'm just killing time . ''
Or they say , `` Everybody says that while I start a career before 30 , everything will be fine . ''
But then it starts to sound like this : `` My <unk> are by <unk> , and I still have nothing to show .
I had better curriculum the day I graduated from college . ''
And then it starts sound like this : `` My dating during the <unk> were like the game of chairs .
They were all running around , and they 're <unk> , but then at some point around 30 , the music turned off , and they all began to sit .
I did n't want to be the only one that would stand up , so I sometimes think I married my husband because he was the nearest chair when I was 30 . ''
Where are the <unk> here ?
Do n't do that .
Well , that sounds a bit extreme , but do n't make mistakes , the risks are very high .
When you leave a lot of things for the '30s , there 's a huge pressure on the 1930s , and so many of you start a career , to pick a city , to choose a mate , and have two or three children in a much more short time period .
Many of these things are not compatible , and there 's research that you start to show , which is much more difficult and stressful doing it all once in the '30s .
The middle age crisis is not about buying red sporting cars .
It 's about realizing that you ca n't have the career you want now .
You notice that you ca n't have the son that you want now , or you ca n't give you a brother to your son .
Many <unk> and <unk> look at themselves , and I sat in the room , and they talk about their <unk> , `` What was I doing ? What was he thinking ? ''
I want to change what the boxes are doing and thinking .
Here 's a story about how it might be .
It 's a story about a woman named Emma .
By 25 , Emma came to my office because I was , in his own words , having an identity crisis .
He said he 'd like to work on art or entertainment , but you still could n't decide , so I spent the last years working as a lot of a waitress .
As much as it was cheaper , I lived with a boyfriend that showed more temperament than ambition .
And in spite of living a very difficult <unk> , their previous life had been even harder .
And so often in our sessions , but then she would get up , and then she would get up and say , `` You do n't choose your family , but you can choose your friends . ''
Well , one day , Emma got his head over his legs and cried for almost every hour .
I 'd just bought a new book book for me , and I had spent the entire morning <unk> with her many contacts , but then he was looking at the empty space that goes on after the words `` In case of emergency , please call ... ''
I was at the point of hysteria when he saw me and said , `` Who 's going to be for me if I have a car accident ?
Who 's going to take care of if you get cancer ? ''
At that time , I had a lot of work to resist and not say , `` I . ''
What Emma needed was not a <unk> that was really worried about .
Emma needed a better life , and I knew this was his opportunity .
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex , as I worked with Alex , while the decisive decade of Emma was happening .
So , over the next few weeks and months , I said to Emma three things that all 20-year-old , man or woman , deserves to know .
First , I told Emma that I would forget about that identity crisis and <unk> capital .
For identity capital , I 'm talking about making something value to your person .
Doing something that is an investment in what they want to be later .
I did n't know the future of the race of Emma 's career , and nobody knows the future of work , but I know this : capital capital generates capital of identity .
So now it 's time for that work on the other side of the country , from that boarding , of that company that they want to try .
I 'm not rejecting exploration exploration , I 'm rejecting the exploration that I should n't tell , that by the way , it 's not exploration .
It 's <unk> .
I said to Emma who would explore jobs and I made them count .
Second , I said to Emma that urban tribes are <unk> .
The best friends are great to take you up to the airport , but the ones that come together with friends with similar minds are limited by who you know , what you know , how they think about , how do they talk , and where they 're working .
That new piece of capital , that new person who comes out almost always comes from outside their closest circle .
The new things come from what they 're called weak ties friends of their friends .
Yes , half of them have a bad job or do n't have a job .
But the other half is not , and the weak ties are the way we put it into this group .
Half the labor never was released , then , meet the head of your neighbor 's head is the way you get a job done not published .
It 's not cheating . It 's the science of how information happens .
So not least but not least , Emma believed that you do n't choose your family , but I know your friends .
This was true when I was growing up , but like <unk> , Emma soon <unk> her family , when he has a mate and form his own family .
I said to Emma that the time to choose his family had come .
Maybe you think that 30 is better age to sit down than 20 or even 25 , and I agree with you .
But to choose the person you live in now , or you 're going to show you now when everyone on Facebook start to walk towards the altar is not progress .
The best time to work in your marriage is before you have , and that means being as intentional in love as you are at work .
<unk> your family must be an conscious choice of who , and what they want instead of just making it work or kill time with whom you choose them .
So what about Emma ?
Well , we looked at that board , and she found the roommate of a cousin who worked in an art museum in another state .
This weak link helped him get a job there .
That supply of work gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend with the living .
Now , five years later , it 's special of events in museums .
She 's married with a man who chose consciously .
Love his new career , love his new family , and I sent me a letter to say , `` Now the emergency spaces are not big enough . ''
The story of Emma may sound easy , but that 's what I love about working with <unk> .
It 's very easy to help them .
<unk> are like airplanes of the Los Angeles airport , which come out somewhere in the west .
Just before the takeoff , a light fits in its trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Fiji .
In the same way , to the age of 21 , and even the 29 , a good conversation , a good break , a good TED Talk can have huge effects on the next few years or even in the next generation .
Here 's my idea that 's worth spreading all the ones you know .
It 's as simple as what I learned to tell Alex .
It 's what I now have the privilege of telling him as Emma every day : <unk> are not the new <unk> , you know , their adulthood , get identity capital , use their weak ties , choose your family .
Do n't stop what they did n't know or what they did n't .
They 're deciding their life today .
Thank you .
When I was 27 years old , I left a very tough job on management consultant for a work that was even more demanding : teacher teachers .
I went to teach students about seventh grade students in public schools in New York City .
And as any teacher , I applied tests and testing .
I gave them tasks .
When the work would come back , we would kill grades .
What struck me was that I.Q . was n't the only difference between my best and my worst students .
Some of the ones who had better performance had no <unk> scores .
Some of my smartest kids were n't doing so well .
And that makes me think .
The kind of thing that you need to learn in mathematics in seventh grade , you know , are difficult : proportions , <unk> , the area of a given parallelogram .
But these concepts are not impossible , and I was very convinced that every single one of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and over time enough .
After several years more than teachers , I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivational perspective , from a psychological perspective .
In education , the only thing we know how to measure best .
It 's the <unk> , but what if you succeed in school and in life depends on much more than the ability to learn from fast and easy ?
So I left the classroom and went to college to become a psychologist .
I began studying kids and adults in all sorts of challenging scenarios , and in every study my question was , who 's successful here and why ?
My research team and I went to the Academy military military Academy .
We tried to predict what <unk> them in military training , and who will be <unk> .
We went to the National <unk> and tried to predict which children as far as possible in the competition .
We studied teachers who are working in neighborhoods really hard , what teachers are still teaching for the end of the school year and those who will be the most effective way to improve the outcomes of learning their students ?
We teamed up with private companies , asking , which of these marketers are going to keep their job done ?
And who is going to make more money ?
In all those very different contexts , a feature arose as an important predictor of success .
And it was n't social intelligence .
It was n't the good appearance , physical health , and it was n't <unk> .
It was determination .
Determination is passion and perseverance to achieve very long-term goals .
Freedom is to have resistance .
Freedom is embracing your future , day after day , not only for a week , not only for the month , but for years and working hard to make that future a reality .
Freedom is to live life as if it was a marathon , not a race at all .
A few years ago , I started studying purpose in public schools in Chicago .
I asked thousands of students in high school that made my determination questionnaires and then waited about more than one year to see the ones who were going .
It turns out that the kids with more determination had been significantly older likely to graduate , even when the paired in every feature that I could measure , things like family income results , the results of standardized tests , even the security that they felt when they were in school .
So it 's not only in West Point or at the National <unk> <unk> in which it matters purpose , it 's also in school , especially for kids at risk of <unk> .
For me , the most powerful thing about determination is how little we know , how little people know about their development .
Every day , parents and teachers ask me , `` How do you develop purpose ?
What should I do to teach kids a solid ethic ?
How do I keep them motivated for the long term ? ''
The most honest answer is : I do n't know . What I do know is that talent does n't give purpose .
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals who are simply not going ahead with their commitments .
In fact , in our data , that 's commonly not related or related to the talent measures .
So far , the best idea I 've heard about developing purpose is something called the growth mindset .
This is an idea that was developed at Stanford University by Carol <unk> , and it 's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed , that it can change the effort .
Dr. <unk> has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and it grows in response to the challenge , they 're much more likely to get them when they fail , because they do n't believe that that failure is a permanent condition .
So the growth mindset is a great idea to develop purpose .
But we need more .
And that 's where I finished my speech , because that 's where we are .
That 's the work we have ahead .
We need to take our best ideas , our stronger intuitions , and we need test them .
We need to measure if they 've been successful , and we need to be willing to fail , get it wrong , to start all again with the lessons we learned .
In other words , we need to be certain about making our kids more certain .
Thank you .
I <unk> in Taiwan as the daughter of a <unk> , one of my most <unk> memories is my mother <unk> beauty , shape and the shape of Chinese characters .
Since that moment , I was fascinated by this incredible language .
But for a foreigner , it seems to be as impenetrable as the Great Wall of China .
In the last few years , I 've been wondering if I can break down this wall , so that I want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language I can do .
I started thinking about how a new and fast method of learning Chinese could be useful .
Since I was five years old , I started learning how to draw each of the strokes of every character in the right sequence .
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years .
Since we only have five minutes , it 's better than we do it in a faster and more simple way .
An Chinese academic <unk> 20 characters .
You just need a thousand to understand the basic literacy .
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of basic literature , enough to read signals from transit , restaurant menus , understand the basic idea of websites or newspapers .
Today , I 'll start with eight to show you how the method works .
Are you ready ?
Open your mouth as much as possible until it 's square .
They get a mouth .
This is a person who 's going to give a walk .
<unk> .
If the form of fire is a person with arms on both sides , as if he was screaming in a fashion , `` <unk> ! I 'm burning ! '' This symbol is actually originally originally from the form of calls , but I like to believe that it 's otherwise .
This is a tree .
tree tree tree tree .
This is a mountain .
The sun .
The moon .
The symbol of the door looks like a couple of doors from a <unk> in the old West .
I call sweeping these eight characters .
These are building blocks so that they create many more characters .
One person .
If you walk back , that 's `` follow . ''
As the ancient said , two are company , three are a crowd .
If a person stretch their arms , this person is saying , `` It was that big . ''
The person inside the mouth , the person 's stuck .
It 's a prisoner , like <unk> inside the whale .
A tree is a tree , two trees together , we have a forest .
Three trees together , we also have the forest .
Put a table under the tree , we have the foundations .
Put a mouth on the tree , that 's an `` idiot . '' Easy to remember , because a tree speaker is quite an idiot .
Do you remember fire ?
Two fires together , it 's very hot .
Three fires together , that 's a lot of flames .
Put the fire under the two trees , that 's burn .
For us , the sun is the source of prosperity .
Two suns together , prosperous .
Three together , those are flashes .
Put the sun and the moon shining together , that 's the brightness .
It also means tomorrow , after one day and one night .
The sun comes out on the horizon . <unk> .
A door . Put a chart inside the door , it 's the drift of the door .
Put a mouth inside the door , ask questions .
<unk> , played there someone at home ?
This person is going out hidden from a door , fleeing , <unk> .
On the left , we have a woman .
Two women together , they 're discussing .
Three women together , be careful about adultery .
So we 've already spent about 30 characters .
By using this method , the first eight radicals will allow you to build 32 .
The next group of eight characters will build another 32 .
So with every little effort , they will be able to learn a couple hundred characters , which is the same thing that you learn was a Chinese Chinese .
So after knowing the characters , we started to create phrases .
For example , the mountain and fire together , we have a mountain of fire . It 's a volcano .
We know that Japan is the land of the rising sun .
This is a sun placed with the origin , because Japan is in China .
So a sun together , we created Japan .
One person behind Japan , what do we have ?
A Japanese person .
The character on the left are two mountains stacked over the other .
In ancient China , that meant in exile , because the Chinese <unk> <unk> their political enemies beyond the mountains .
Today , exile has become coming out .
A mouth that tells you where to come out is an exit .
This is a slide to remind me that I should stop talking and go down the stage . Thank you .
So what I 'd rather get is the films that I get to see .
I love to share my favorite films with my kids , when my daughter was four years old , we saw the magician of Oz together .
The film mastered its imagination for months .
His favorite character was <unk> , of course .
He gave him a good excuse to wear a bright dress and bring a magic wand .
But when you see that film so many times , you get to understand that it 's extraordinary .
We now live and raise our children in a kind of an industrial complex model of child fantasy .
However , the Oz of Oz was an event itself .
It did n't start that trend .
And the trend really took rise to 40 years later with , interestingly , another film whose protagonists , a metal guy and a <unk> , <unk> guy to a girl dressed as an enemy guard .
You know what I 'm talking about ? Yes .
There 's a big difference between these two movies , there are a couple of big differences between the Oz of Oz and all the movies that we see today .
One is that there 's very little violence in the Oz of Oz .
The monkeys are quite aggressive , like the apple .
But I think that if the Oz of Oz is done today , the magician would say , Dorothy , you are salvation of Oz as the prophecy .
You use magic shoes to defeat the armies generated by the evil evil computer .
But that 's not what happens .
Another unique thing about the Oz magician is that the most heroic characters and wise and even Pantheons are women .
I began to notice this when I made `` Star Wars to my daughter , '' a few years later , and the situation was different .
At that time , I also had a son .

He was n't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that .
But it was the second son , and the <unk> level were down , so she slid in the room and was impressed as a mom , with his leg behind , and I do n't think he understood what was going on , but , <unk> , everything .
I wonder what to perceive .
Would you be issues of value , perseverance and loyalty ?
Should it be the sense that Luke joined an army to overthrow the government ?
So let 's compare this to the <unk> of 1939 .
How do Dorothy his movie win ?
So we do good <unk> with everyone and being a <unk> .
It 's the kind of world that I want my kids to grow up to Oz , right ? And not a world of men who are fighting , which is where we are .
Why is there so much of the capital of an F , force in the movies for our children , and so little on the road of yellow bricks ?
There 's a lot of literature on the impact of male violence in girls , and they should read it . It 's very good .
I 've not read so much about how kids react to this stimulus .
Be because of experience that Princess <unk> does n't give you the right frame that had served me to navigate the world of adults who are mixed up , I think , at the time of the first kiss , I really hoped that the driver 's going to come up because it 's the end of the movie , right ?
My search is done , I have girlfriend .
Why are you standing there ?
I do n't know what I should do .
The movies are focused on defeat a villain and get their reward , and they do n't leave time for other relationships or other adventures .
It 's almost like being a child , you have to be a dumb animal , and if you 're a girl , you have to use a warrior 's suit .
There are a lot of exceptions , and defend the Disney princess in any of you .
But they send a message to children , even though they , the kids , are not really their own public .
They do a phenomenal job when teaching girls how to defend them against the patriarchy , but they do n't necessarily show the guys how to defend the patriarchy .
There 's no model for them .
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children , as real and lovely as <unk> and <unk> , but they do n't stop being movies of war .
Of course , the most successful issue of all time continues to come up in classic after classical , each of them about the adventures of a child or a man , or two men who are friends , or a man and her son , or two men who breed a child .
Until , as many of you are thinking , this year , it finally came out of hide .
I recommend all of you . It 's already available in stores .
Do you remember what the criticism is when he came out of hide ?
I ca n't believe that Pixar has made a princess 's film .
It 's very good . Do n't let that stop .
Well , almost none of these films happens to <unk> .
I do n't know if you 've heard about this .
It has n't yet taken roots and it already spreads , but maybe we 're going to start a movement .
<unk> <unk> is a comic book artist , and in the mid-'80s , I recorded a conversation that I had with a friend of the movies that you saw .
And it 's very simple . There are just three questions that must be done : In the movie , there 's more than a female character who has lines ?
So , you have to fulfill the requirement .
These women talk to each other at some point in the movie ?
Their conversations are about something more apart from the guy who both like ? Okay ? Thank you . Thank you very much .
Two women who exist and talk about it .
It happens . I 've seen it , and yet I rarely see it in the movie that we know and love .
In fact , this week I went to see a very good quality movie , <unk> .
Right ? <unk> from Oscar , <unk> , a consensus idea of what a Hollywood Hollywood movie is .
Pretty much , it does n't happen the <unk> .
And I do n't think it should be , because a lot of the movie , I do n't know if you 've seen it , much of the movie happens in a embassy where men and women are hidden during the hostage 's crisis .
We have lots of scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations in this hide , and is the great moment for one of the actresses to look at the door and say , `` You come to bed , honey ? ''
This is Hollywood .
So let 's go into the numbers .
In 2011 , from the 100 more popular films , how many of them believe they have female protagonists ?
Eleven . Not bad .
It 's not the same percentage that the number of women we 've chosen recently for Congress , then it 's fine .
But there 's a greater number that this is going to be disappointed this room .
Last year , The New York Times published a study that the government had done .
This is what he said .
In the United States , one in five women says that it 's been sexually assaulted in their life .
I do n't think it 's the fault of mass entertainment .
I do n't think the movies for kids have something to do with that .
Nor do I think the videos of music or pornography are closely linked , but something is wrong , and when I hear that statistic , one of the things that I think is that there 's a lot of sexual <unk> .
Who are those guys ? What are these guys learning ?
What do n't they get to learn ?
They 're <unk> the story that says that the role of a male hero is to defeat a villain with violence and then charge the reward , which is a woman who does n't have friends and does n't speak ?
Now , are we <unk> that story ?
You know , as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing , we find this world and this very alarming statistic , and we want to make it .
We 've got tools to our disposal like <unk> <unk> , and we hope that that will help , but I have to ask , <unk> <unk> goes to <unk> if , at the same time or active or passively , we 're educating our kids to keep their male power ?
I mean , I think the Netflix list is a way to do something really important , and here I mean primarily to parents .
I think we have to show our children a new definition of manhood .
The definition of masculinity is changing radically .
You 've read about how the new economy is changing the role of the <unk> and <unk> .
It 's all changing .
When I asked my daughter , what was his favorite character for `` Star Wars know what he said ? ''
<unk> .
<unk> <unk> and <unk> .
What do you have in common ?
Maybe it 's not just the bright dress .
I think they 're experts .
I think these are the two people in those movies that you know more than anyone , and they love to share their knowledge with other people to try to reach their potential .
They are leaders .
I like that kind of stories for my daughter , and I like that kind of story for my son .
I want more stories like that .
I want less stories to tell my son : Go go and fight alone and more stories where you see their work is to join a team , perhaps a team that was led by women , helping other people to improve and be better people , like the Oz of Oz .
Thank you .
As a child , I was living in Maine , and one of the things that I loved most of I was to look for seawater on the shores of Maine because my parents told me that I would give me luck .
But you know , it 's hard to find these shells .
These are covered in sand and it 's hard to see them .
Yet eventually , I got used to look for them .
I started to see shapes and patterns that helped me <unk> .
This became a passion for finding things , in love for the past and archaeology .
And finally , when I started studying <unk> , I realized that I saw my own eyes was n't enough .
Because , suddenly , in Egypt , my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of almost 1,300 miles long .
And my sea cookies had grown up to the size of cities .
This is really what led me to use satellite imagery .
To try and do a map of the past , I knew I had to see otherwise .
So I want to show you an example of how different we see using infrared .
This is a place located in the eastern Delta in Egypt called <unk> .
And the place , to the naked eye , seems to be brown , but when we use infrared and we process it using fake color , suddenly , the place looks like bright pink .
What you 're seeing is the real chemical changes of the landscape caused by building materials and the activities of the ancient Egyptians .
I want to share with you how we 've used satellite data to find an old <unk> city called <unk> , lost for thousands of years .
<unk> was the capital of ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a period of time called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago .
The place sits in <unk> , Egypt , and it 's really important because in the Middle Empire , there was this great renaissance of ancient Egyptian art , architecture and religion .
<unk> have always known that it was located somewhere near the pyramids of the two kings that built them , depending on the red circles here , but somewhere within this very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very
This area is enormous , it 's about six miles away .
Before , the Nile <unk> right next to <unk> and as he changed over time , moved to the east , and all the city covers .
So how do you find a city underground city in a long landscape ?
Trying to find it randomly would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a haystack , blindfolded and using baseball gloves .
So , we use NASA NASA to make a map of the place , with very subtle changes .
So we were able to see where the Nile would happen .
But you can see more closely , and it 's even more interesting , this area slightly elevated that you see inside the circle here , which we think might be the location of <unk> .
So we collaborated with Egyptians doing the sampling jobs ; you can see it here .
When I 'm sampling , it 's like the sample of it in ice , but instead of layers of climate change , we 're looking for layers of human occupation .
Five feet below , under a thick layer of mud , we found a dense layer of ceramics .
This means that in this possible location of <unk> , five meters below , we have a layer of occupation of several hundred years from the Middle Empire , exactly the same period as we think it 's <unk> .
We also found <unk> jobs , <unk> , quartz and cat -- which proves that there was a jewelry store .
This might seem like it 's not much , but when we think about the most common rocks in the Middle Empire jewelry jewelry , these are the stones that were used .
So , we have a dense layer of occupation coming back from the Middle Empire in this place .
We also have evidence of a jewelry jewelry workshop that demonstrates that what 's been there , it was a very important city .
We still do n't find <unk> here , but it would be <unk> in a near future to localize it .
And even more important , we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so that they can also make great discoveries .
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire , it 's probably written in <unk> .
Sharing is the biggest of all <unk> .
There 's nothing like that on Earth .
So as it looks like , TED was not founded in 1984 <unk> C .
Do the ideas happen in 1984 B.C in a lost city not for a long time and found from high .
It certainly puts the <unk> pursuit in perspective .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
I want to invite you to close your eyes .
Imagine standing out , in front of the door of <unk> home .
I 'd like to pay attention to the color of the door , the material that it 's made .
Now we 're going to give you a group of <unk> obese .
They 're competing at a bicycle bike race and they go in front of their entry door .
I need to look at this really .
They 're <unk> strong , they 're sweating , they 're <unk> .
And they collide against the door of your house .
There are bicycles flying everywhere , wheels on their side , lightning from the wheels that end up in <unk> places . <unk> the threshold of the door .
In the lobby , the hall , or what 's on the other side of the door , and watch the quality of light , the light 's shining on the <unk> of the <unk> .
He 's waving with his hand .
From his chair , on a brown horse .
It 's a horse that speaks .
You can feel your blue fur by holding tickle your nose .
You can smell the porridge cookie , and you pass it up to get in your mouth .
<unk> on one hand and enter your living room .
You know , in the room , and making it maximum of your imagination , imagine Britney Spears .
He 's got little clothes , dancing about her school table , singing `` <unk> ! One Baby More Time . ''
Now humor me .
The soil has been coated with a path of yellow bricks and from the oven come to you Dorothy , the Man of <unk> , the <unk> and the Len of `` The Wizard of Oz , '' <unk> from the hands , jumping up to you .
Okay . Open your eyes .
I want to tell you about a peculiar competition that takes place every spring in New York .
It 's called the <unk> de <unk> in the United States .
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist , waiting , I guess , that this was as the end of a wise man .
There were several men and a few different ages and a few different habits of hygiene .
They were memorizing hundreds of random numbers , looking at them just once .
<unk> the names of tens and dozens of strangers .
I 'll make whole poems in just minutes .
So let 's see who could memorize the order of a deck of a deck of cards .
And I thought , `` This is incredible . ''
These people must be phenomena from nature .
And I started talking with some of the competitors .
This is a man named Ed Cook who had come from England and he has one of the best trained memories .
I said , `` Ed , when you realized you were a wise ? ''
Ed replied , `` I 'm not a wise .
Actually , I have an average memory .
Everybody who participate in this competition they say they have normal memory .
`` We 've been trained to perform these miraculous memory agencies using ancient techniques , invented 2,500 years ago in Greece , the same techniques that they used Cicero to memorize their speeches , and that the medieval scholars were used to memorize entire books . ''
And my reaction was , `` Wow . How do you have heard this before ? ''
We were standing out of the competition of competition , and Ed , who 's a wonderful , brilliant English , although a little bit of a <unk> , and he said , `` Josh , you 're an American journalist .
Do you meet Britney Spears ? ''
And I said , `` What ? No , why ?
`` Because I 'd like to teach Britney Spears , how to memorize the order in a deck of cards of living cards in national television .
That 's going to show you the world that anybody can do . ''
And I said , `` Well , I 'm not Britney Spears , but maybe you can teach me .
I mean , you have to start by something right ? ''
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me .
I ended up spending most of the next year , not just training my memory , but also <unk> , trying to understand how it works , why sometimes it does n't work and what its potential can be .
I met a lot of really interesting people .
This is a man called <unk> .
He 's <unk> , very probably with the worst memory in the world .
His memory was so bad that I did n't even remember having a memory problem ; it 's awesome .
Somebody incredibly tragic , but it was a window that will allow us to see how we point our memory to us who we are .
On the other end of the spectrum , I met this man .
This is Kim <unk> . He was based on the paper of Nicodemus Hoffman in the movie `` Rain Man . ''
We spent one afternoon together in the public library in Salt Lake City , memorizing phone books ; it was sparkling .
And when I came back , I read a number of treaties on the writing memory , something over 2,000 years in Latin , in the <unk> and then in the Middle Ages .
And I learned a lot of really interesting things .
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time when this idea of having trained , disciplined and cultured memory was n't such a thing as rare as you might look like today .
A long time ago , people invest in their memory , in providing <unk> their minds .
These techniques have made our modern world possible , but they have also changed us .
They 've been culturally changed , and I would say that you have changed also cognitively .
As we have no need to remember , sometimes it seems that we have forgotten how to do it .
One of the last places on our planet where you still find people passionate about this idea of a trained and disciplined memory is this long-term competition of memory .
It 's actually not that singular ; there 's skills like this all over the world .
I was fascinated , I wanted to know how these people do .
A few years ago , a research group from University College in London invited a group of memory champions in the lab .
They wanted to know : Is it that you have brains in some way , structural or <unk> of the rest of us ?
The answer was , no .
Are they smarter than the rest ?
They gave them a cognitive test battery , and the answer was actually not .
There was yet a really interesting and meaningful difference between the brains of the memory champions and the control champions , which you compared to .
When they put them into an MRI machine , they put their brains together as you 're using numbers , faces and forms of snowflakes . They found that in the champions of memory , they 're getting different parts of the brain , different to each other .
In effect , they were using , or they seemed to use , a part of the brain that involves spatial memory and navigation .
Why ? Is there something that we can learn from this ?
The tournament of competitive minority is driven as an armed career where each year comes up with somebody with a new way of remembering more things , faster , and then the rest of competitors have to get a day .
This is my friend Ben <unk> , three times a memory champion .
On his desk , in front of him , there are 36 <unk> of cards that he 's about to try to memorize an hour , using a technique that he invented , and that 's only <unk> .
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of <unk> random digits .
Yes .
And while there 's a lot of ways to remember things in these competitions , absolutely all the techniques used at the end , you get down to one concept that psychologists call `` coding coding . ''
It 's shown with a fancy paradox known as the paradox `` <unk> . ''
That 's his name .
And then I ask you , `` Remember that there 's a `` <unk> '' .
And when I go back later , and I ask you , `` Do you remember that word that I told you a while ? ''
`` You remember what it was ? ''
The person who told him that his name is Baker is unlikely to remember the same word that the person who was told that his work is `` <unk> . ''
The same word , different ability to remember -- that 's weird .
What 's going on here ?
Well , the name Baker , it really does n't mean anything for you .
All the other memories they dance for your head .
But the word `` <unk> '' -- we know the flag .
They use white hats .
They have flour in their hands .
<unk> good when they go back home to work .
You probably know some baker .
And when I was going to take that word for the first time , we started putting <unk> <unk> to <unk> <unk> at some later .
And one of the most elaborate techniques to do this is two and a half years ago in Ancient Greece .
It 's known as the `` memory of memory . ''
The story says this : There was a poet called <unk> I attended a potluck .
They had been hired as entertainment , because before , if you wanted to give a very good party , you did n't brought to a DJ , they would hire a poet .
He stood up , her poem , his memory poem , and left , and so soon he was , the homeless room collapsed .
They killing everybody .
But not only killed everybody , but it shattered the bodies , and then they destroyed the bodies .
Nobody could say who was there , nobody could remember where they were sitting there .
So they could n't afford them .
A tragedy behind the other .
<unk> , standing outside , only survivor , in the middle of the rubble , closed my eyes , and realized that with your eyes of his mind , I could see where I 'd been sitting there .
I took the familiar with the <unk> hand where their loved ones were in the rubble .
What you 've got to pick up at that moment is something that we all know about more or less intuitively , and is that no matter whether we 're not good at remembering names or phone numbers , or instructions for the word of our colleagues , we have visual memory and space .
If I was telling you that I was telling me that the first 10 words of history I 've just told you about <unk> , you 're very likely to find it very hard to do it .
But I would bet that if you tell you who I was sitting on the horse , you hear about the <unk> , you would be able to <unk> it .
The idea of the palazzo is to create this building with the eyes of your mind and <unk> images with the things that you want to remember , the more crazy , crazy , funny , funny , funny , funny , <unk> , <unk> image .
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago , the first memory treated in Latin .
And how does it work ?
Let 's say you 've been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and want to do it of memory , in the same way that it would have done Cicero if you 'd been invited to <unk> it 2,000 years ago .
What you might do is imagine you 're at the door of your house .
And to come up with some kind of absolutely ridiculous , crazy and unforgettable image to help you remember that the first thing they want to mention is that completely remixable competition .
And then you can imagine getting into your house , and see the <unk> of the <unk> mounted on Mister Ed .
And that will tell you that they want to introduce your friend Ed Cook .
And then you would see Britney Spears to remind you that funny anecdote that they want to tell .
And then you 'd come in in the kitchen , and the fourth issue that they would talk about would be that strange journey that did for a whole year , and they have some friends to help them remember it .
This is how the Romans speakers would define their speeches , not word for word , which will confuse them , but typical by typical .
In fact , the term `` typical '' comes from the Greek `` <unk> , '' which means `` place . ''
It 's a <unk> of when people thought about the speaking and the rhetoric with this kind of space terms .
The phrase first , it would be like the first place in their palazzo of memory .
I saw this was just fascinating , and I went from full of it .
I went to some of these memory skills , and I had the idea of writing something extensive about this subculture of competitive <unk> .
But there was a problem .
The problem was that a memory competition is a boring event .
So , it 's like looking at a lot of people sitting by taking tests . I mean , the most exciting thing that happens is when someone gets into the front .
I 'm a journalist , and I need to be able to write about something .
I know there are amazing things happening in the minds of these people , but I do n't have access .
I realized that if I was going to tell this story , I needed to try to put me in place .
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning , before I sit down to see the New York Times , just trying to remember something .
Maybe a poem , or the names of an old school yearbook , bought in a <unk> market .
And I found that this was fun .
I would never have expected it to be .
It was fun , because it was n't just about training the memory .
What 's really about doing is to improve more and more the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous , cartoons , <unk> , <unk> , absurd , hopefully <unk> , in the eye of the mind .
I was hooked on this .
This is me , using my standard training equipment for memory competition .
It 's a couple of <unk> and some security glasses covered with tape , leaving just two <unk> , because distraction is the worst enemy of a memory competitor .
And I ended up coming back to the same contest that I had covered a year before . I had the idea that I could enter , in a kind of participatory journalism experiment .
I thought this might be a good epilogue for all my research .
The problem was that the experiment came out of control .
And I won the competition , something that did n't have to happen .
Now , it 's cute , of course , to memorize speeches , and phone numbers , and lists of shopping , but actually this is not the point .
These are just tricks .
Because they are based on quite basic principles about how the brain works .
And you do n't need to put it to build up the memory of memory or <unk> cards of cards , and to benefit from a little bit of insights on how your mind works .
We often talk about people with a great memory as if it was an innate gift , but it 's not the case .
The big memories get educated .
The most basic level , we remember when we pay attention .
<unk> when we focus deeply .
The memory memory -- these memory skills , are just shortcuts .
In fact , they 're not even shortcuts .
They work because they make us <unk> .
It 's going to take a kind of deep processing , a kind of complete attention that most of it is not <unk> around .
But the reality is that there are no shortcuts .
That 's how things make you memorable .
And if there 's something I want to leave you with today , it 's what <unk> , the <unk> I could n't even remember that I had a memory problem , I left me , which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories .
How much are we willing to lose what is already our short existence on the Blackberries or Blackberries , do n't pay attention to the human being in front of us , who is going to be so confident that we ca n't even be able to process depth ?
I learned firsthand that there are incredible memory capabilities that have been at all of us .
But if you want to live a memorable life , you have to be the kind of person that you remember remember .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk today about the last 30 years of the history of architecture .
It 's a lot to cover in 18 minutes .
It 's a complex topic , so we 'll take just a complex place : New Jersey .
Because 30 years ago , I 'm Jersey Jersey , I was six and lived there at my parents ' home in a village called <unk> , and this was my kid 's bedroom .
In the corner , from my bedroom , I was the bathroom I shared with my sister .
And in my bedroom and the bathroom , there was a balcony that gave the living room .
And then everybody spent the time watching TV . So every time I went from my room to the bathroom , they all saw me , and every time I got myself and went back to a towel , they all saw me .
And I was like this .
It was awkward , insecure and hated it .
<unk> that journey , I hated that balcony , hated that room and that house .
That 's architecture .
Ready .
Those feelings , those emotions that I felt , that 's the power of architecture , because architecture is not about math , no division of areas , but of those gut connections , emotional connections , that we feel in the places we deal with .
And it 's no wonder that we 're feeling that way , because according to the Environmental Protection Agency , Americans spend 90 percent of their time under the roof .
So , 90 percent of the time are surrounded by architecture .
That 's a lot .
architecture determines in ways that we do n't even notice .
That makes us a little naive and very , very predictable .
This means that when I show you a building like this , I know what it tells you : think of power , `` stability '' and democracy .
And I know that they 're thinking so because it 's based on a building , 2,500 years ago by the Greeks .
This is a trick .
It 's a <unk> that uses architects to create an emotional connection with the ways that we built our buildings .
It 's a predictable emotional connection ; we used this trick for a very , very long time .
We used it about 200 years ago to build banks .
We used it in the 19th century to build art museums .
And in the 20th century in America , we used it to build houses .
Look , these are stable , solid <unk> , in front of the sea , removed from the elements .
This is very , very useful , because building things is terrifying .
It 's costly , it takes a long time , and it 's very complicated .
The people who build them , the <unk> and the governments , are always afraid of innovation , and they prefer to use shapes that know they 're going to work .
So we found ourselves with buildings like this .
It 's a nice building .
It 's the <unk> Public Library that was finished in 2004 , in my hometown , and , you know , it has a dome , it has this round , columns , columns , red red , that they leave <unk> what <unk> tries to communicate with this building : the children , the values of property , the story .
But it does n't have a lot to do with a library today .
That same year , in 2004 , the other side of the country , was finished another library , which looks like this .
It 's in Seattle .
This library shows how we use media in the digital age .
It 's a new type of public equipment for the city , a place to meet , read and sharing .
So how is it possible that in the same year , in the same country , two buildings , both of these so-called libraries , are so completely different ?
And the answer is that architecture works on the beginning of the pendulum .
On one side is innovation ; the architects constantly drive new technologies , new circumstances , new solutions for the forms of life today .
<unk> , we gave us and we gave them so much , that we get away from the people .
All of the black , this is depressing to us . You think we feel very well , but we 're dead inside because we have no other option .
We need to go to the other side and go back to the other appreciated symbols .
So we 're doing it , and we 're all happy , but we feel like <unk> , so we started experimenting again ; we 're going to swing the pendulum back forward , over and over again . So we 've done it in the last 300 years , and of course it 's in the last 30 years .
Well , 30 years ago we came out of the 1970s .
The architects were busy experimenting with the so-called <unk> .
It has to do with the concrete .
That can be guess .
<unk> small , small-scale .
Something really hard .
So we 're approaching the '80s , and we started to incorporate those symbols .
I 'll take the pendulum again in the other direction .
We take those ways we know that we like and <unk> .
<unk> neon and adding cake and we use new materials .
They love it .
We do n't give <unk> .
We took closed cabinet and we turn them into skyscrapers , which can be medieval beads of medieval glass .
The shapes are <unk> , and they won in audacity and colorful .
<unk> became columns .
swans grew up to the size of buildings .
madness .
But it was the 1980s , that was great .
We all spent the time in commercial malls , we moved into the neighborhoods , and there , in suburbia , we can create our own architectural fantasies .
Those fantasies could be to the Mediterranean , the French , or the Italian .
Maybe with an endless amount of sticks .
This is what happens to the <unk> .
This is what happens to the symbols .
They 're easy , they 're cheap , because instead of creating new spaces , recreating memories of other places .
I know very well , and all of you know , this is not the Tuscany .
This is Ohio .
Architects feel frustrated , and we started making the pendulum swing the pendulum again .
In the '80s and in the early '90s , we started to experiment with the so-called <unk> .
<unk> the historical symbols ; we now have new <unk> design techniques , and we found ourselves with new compositions , a few ways that are attached to other forms .
This is academic and <unk> , and it 's <unk> ; you have totally excluded .
Normally , the pendulum <unk> back in the opposite direction .
But then , something amazing happened .
In 1997 , this building opened .
It 's the Guggenheim of Bilbao , of Frank Gehry .
This building fundamentally changed the relationship of the world with architecture .
Paul <unk> said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critical , academics and general public in general , were completely agreement on a building .
The New York Times <unk> this miraculous building .
The tourism in Bilbao grew up on a half a half percent when they finished the building .
So suddenly , everybody wanted one of those buildings : Los Angeles , Seattle , Chicago , New York , Cleveland , <unk> .
Everybody wanted one , and Gehry was everywhere .
He was our first star architect .
But how is it possible that these shapes and wild and radical , how is it possible that they become ubiquitous all over the world ?
And it happened , because the media went around them and quickly learned that those shapes meant culture and tourism .
We 've created an emotional reaction with these shapes .
The same is the major mayors in the world .
So everybody believed that if they had these shapes , they had culture and tourism .
This phenomenon at the beginning of the new millennium country with other star architects .
It happened to frighten you and to Libeskind , and what happened with these few elite architects at the bottom of the new millennium , actually began to go through the architecture , and the digital media began to increase the speed of information .
Think of , for example , how they use architecture .
A thousand years ago , they would have to walk up to the next town to see a building .
The transportation is speeding up : You can take a ship , an airplane , they can be tourists .
Technology accelerates . You can see in the newspapers , on TV , and ultimately , we 're all photographers in architecture , and the building is transported beyond its physical location .
The architecture is everywhere now ; that means that the speed of communications has finally reached the speed of architecture .
Because architecture moves so fast .
It 's not quite accurate to think about a building .
It takes a long time to build a building , three or four years , and at that time , an architect can design two , eight , or 100 buildings more , before knowing if that I designed four years ago was a success or not .
Because there 's never been good feedback in architecture .
That 's how we found ourselves with buildings like this .
<unk> was not a two-year-old movement , but 20 years .
For 20 years , we were building buildings like this because we did n't have any idea how much the <unk> are .
That 's never going to come back . I think , because we 're at the line of the biggest revolution in architecture from the invention of concrete , steel or the elevator , and it 's the media revolution .
My theory is that when the pendulum is applied to media , it starts to swing it faster and faster to getting into both both extremes , and it 's actually made out of the difference between innovation and symbol , between us , architects , and you , the audience .
Now we can make <unk> symbols , with emotional load , of something completely new .
I 'll show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently .
We were <unk> to replace this building that caught fire .
This is the center of a village called <unk> in Fire , in New York City .
It 's a vacation community .
But that meant that two years before the building was finished , it was already part of the community , and as the drawings looked exactly at the end of the product , no surprises .
The building came to be part of the community , that first summer , when people began to reach and share it in social media , the building stopped being just a building , it became a communication medium , because these are not just images of a building , are the images that one made of the building .
And as you use it to tell your story , they become part of the personal narrative , and that makes you <unk> with collective memory , and in charge these symbols , we learn .
I mean , we do n't need the Greeks telling us how to think about architecture .
We can tell each other what we think about architecture , because digital media has n't only changed the relationship between us , but that they have changed the relationship between us and the buildings .
Think for a second in those <unk> librarians .
If that building is built today , we first go to the Internet for `` new libraries . ''
I 've been bombarded by examples of experimentation , innovation , about what a library can be .
That 's ammunition .
<unk> that you can take the mayor of <unk> , the people who were admitted , and tell you that there 's no unique response to what a library can be today .
Let 's be part of this .
This abundance of solutions gives freedom to experiment .
It 's all different now .
Architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use words and complicated drawings , and one is no longer a hapless audience who does n't accept anything that I have n't seen before .
Architects can listen to , and you 're not allowed to intimidate for architecture .
That means that the pendulum <unk> from one style to another , from a movement to another , is irrelevant .
In fact , we can go ahead and find solutions right to the problems facing society .
This is the end of the history of architecture , and it means that the buildings in the morning will be very different from the buildings today .
This means that a public space in the ancient city of <unk> may be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city .
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that , a stadium in Brooklyn , and not a bad historical imitation of red brick based on ideas of what a stadium must be .
This means that a few robots will be able to build our buildings , because we finally will be ready for the shapes that are going to produce .
That means that the buildings are attributed to the whims of nature and otherwise .
This means that a parking garage in Miami , Florida , Florida , can also serve for making sports or for yoga , or even you can get married there at night .
This means that three architects can dream swimming on the East River in New York City , and raising half a million dollars of the community together , around that cause , is no customer alone .
It means that no building is too small for innovation , like this little <unk> pavilion , so muscular and <unk> as the animals that are going to look at .
Because no matter whether it 's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings .
It does n't matter how we build , what matters is what we build .
The architects already know how to make buildings more ecological , smarter and kinder .
We 've been waiting for all of you .
Finally , we 're not on opposite sides .
Find an architect , <unk> and work together to make better buildings , better cities , for a better world , because there 's a lot of play .
Buildings are not just reflecting our society , but they give shape the smallest spaces , local libraries , households where we form our children , and the step of the bathroom to the bathroom .
Thank you very much .
This is my niece , <unk> .
It just turned a year and started walking .
And it makes it great , typical of the children of a year , <unk> , as if his body was moving too fast for his legs .
It 's totally precious .
And one of the things that you like to do for the moment is look in the mirror .
She really loves his reflection .
They 're laughing and <unk> , and it gives himself those big , hot kisses .
It 's beautiful .
And apparently , all of his friends do this , and my mom tells me that I used to do it . And he made me think , `` When did you stop doing this ? ''
How do we suddenly be comfortable with our appearance ?
Because apparently , we do n't like it .
Every month , 10,000 people look at Google : `` Am I ugly ? ''
This is <unk> , it 's 13 years old and lives in Denver .
And as any teenager , it just wants to be loved and fit .
It 's Sunday at night .
It 's preparing for next week in school .
It 's got a little bit of fear , it 's a little confused , because , even though her mom tells him all the time he 's beautiful , every day in school , somebody says it 's ugly .
And what his mom says , and what his friends , or coworkers , say , does n't know who to believe .
So he does a video of her himself , he publishes it on YouTube , and he 's asking others that please leave a comment : `` Am I nice or ugly ? ''
Well , so far , I 've got over 13 comments .
Some of these are so disgusting , that they do n't even deserve to think about them .
We 're talking about a healthy , normal , current teenager , who gets these responses into one of the most vulnerable life stages .
Thousands of people are publishing videos like this , mostly teenage girls trying to communicate this way .
But what are they going to do this ?
Well , the teenagers today are almost never alone .
They 're under the pressure of being online and available all the time , talking , <unk> , saying , `` I like , '' saying , `` liking '' , sharing , publishing , this never ends .
Never before we 've been so connected , in a continuous way , so young .
As a mother said , `` It 's like there 's a party in his bedroom every night . ''
There 's just no privacy .
And the social pressures they come from hand with that they 're straight .
This environment , that 's always connected , is to our kids to make themselves based on the number of `` liking '' and the kinds of comments that they get .
There is no division between life online and real life .
It 's really hard to know the differences between what 's real or what it is .
And also , it 's very difficult to know the difference between what 's authentic and what 's digitally manipulated .
What 's the most prominent in someone 's life in front of what 's normal in a daily context ?
And where are they looking for inspiration ?
Well , you can see the kind of images that are covers from the girls ' news now .
<unk> zero continue to dominate our <unk> .
The <unk> technique is now routine .
And trends like : # <unk> , # <unk> and <unk> .
For those of us who <unk> it , # <unk> means <unk> .
These trends are associated with women 's popular culture today .
It 's not hard to see what young people compare .
But the kids are not immune to this .
It 's like the superheroes of the sports stars , and the singers who are <unk> .
But what 's the problem with all of this ?
Well , we certainly want our kids to grow healthy and are very good individuals .
But in a culture obsessed with the image , we 're teaching our children to spend more time and mental endeavor to their appearance , the price of all other aspects of their identity .
Things like their relationships , the development of their physical capacities , their studies and other ways they start to suffer .
Six in every 10 little girls prefer not to do something because they think they 're not seen enough .
These are not trivial activities .
These are fundamental activities for their growth as human beings and as a taxpayer and to the developing field of labor development .
31 percent , almost one of three teenagers are not interested in discussions of class . We 're going to participate in the classroom arguments because they do n't want to attract attention to their physical appearance .
One of five are not attending classes at all during the days when they do n't feel comfortable about it .
And in the test season , if you do n't think you 're looking at good enough , specifically if you do n't think you 're thin enough , you 'll get a lower note to the average of your companions who do n't care about the appearance .
And this phenomenon is widespread in Finland , the United States and China .
And it comes regardless of what these young men are actually weigh .
So , to make it very clear , we 're talking about how you look at you , not how you are .
The low self-esteem on your body is adding academic performance .
And it 's also <unk> health .
Large teenagers are doing less physical activity , they eat less fruit and vegetables , engage in more diets diets that can lead them to a food disorder .
They have low self-worth .
They 're very easily influenced by the people around them and they 're in greater risk of depression .
And we think it 's all about this because of what they make more risky decisions , like alcohol , of alcohol and drugs , dramatic diets , aesthetic surgery , and sexual relationships , in early ages and without protection and damage .
The search for the perfect body is pushing the health care system , and our government costs billions of dollars every year .
And we 're not controlling it .
Women who think they 're overweight again , regardless of whether they have or they do n't have higher rates of poverty .
17 percent of women do n't present to a job interview in a day where they do n't feel secure with the way they look .
Think for a moment in what this is doing to our economy .
If we could overcome this , what would that be a chance ?
So let 's make this potential for each of us .
But how do we do that ?
Well , speaking , for itself , it does n't take you very far .
It 's not enough .
If you really want to change things , you have to do something .
And we 've learned that there are three key ways . The first is that we have to instill trust in their own body .
We have to help our teenagers to develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-worth .
The good news is that there are many programs available to do that .
The bad news is that most of these do n't work .
I was shocked when I learned that many well-intentioned programs , without realizing , make the situation worse .
So , we must make sure that the program that follow our children is not only going to have a positive impact , but also an durable impact .
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas . The first is the influence of family , friends and relationships .
These six ways are really crucial points for anybody who 's willing to provide an education in body self-esteem to work .
One education is fundamental , but faced this problem requires every one of us that take the driver 's seat on the issue and be a better model to follow for women and girls in our own lives .
challenging the current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles .
It 's not good to do with the input of our politicians in cuts , or the size of their breasts , or if you would imply that determination or the success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it 's not a great beauty .
We need to begin to judge people by what they are , not as you see .
All of us can start by making responsibility for the kind of images and comments that we published in our social networks .
We can praise people based on their effort and their actions and not their appearance .
And let me ask you : When was the last time you put a mirror ?
In short , we have to work together as communities , as governments and as companies , to truly change our culture , so that our children will grow their own children , valuing individuality , diversity , inclusion .
We need to put people to actually make the difference on a pedestal .
It 's because of making a difference in the real world , let 's be those who come out on the big screen because we just create a different world .
A world where our kids are free to become the best version of themselves , where the way they believe you see that they 're never seen as much as they are , or to reach what they want in their lives .
Think of what this can mean for someone in their lives .
Who has in mind ?
Is your wife ?
Her sister ?
A daughter ?
Her niece ? Her friend ?
It could just be the woman who is two seats away . What would it mean to her if he was released from that voice , he would be released in her inner voice , which she was haunted by not having long legs , I 'm more skinny , you know , a more flat belly , a smaller belly , smaller feet ?
What would it mean for her if we were putting this up and we would call it the potential of that way ?
Right now , the obsession of our culture with images are holding back to everyone .
But let our children be true .
And the way you see that the way you look at it is just one part of your identity , and that the truth is that we love them for those who are and what they do , and as they make us feel .
<unk> the self-esteem on the resumes of our schools .
Let 's switch on each of us , the way we talk about and compared to other people .
And we work together as a community , from small groups to governments to governments , so that the small ones in a age of age of today are becoming agents of insurance change themselves .
Let 's do it .
On November 5 , 1990 , a gentleman named <unk> <unk> walked into a hotel in Manhattan and killed by a rabbi named <unk> , the leader of the Defense Defense League .
At first initially was declared innocent , but being in jail for other minor charges , in the company of others , they started planning attacks from about 12 icons from New York , including tunnels , synagogues , the United Nations headquarters .
Luckily , those plans would be joined by an FBI informant .
Sadly , the bomb from 1993 in the World Trade Center could n't be able to avoid .
He later would be convicted of their participation in that bombing .
<unk> <unk> is my father .
I was born in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , in 1983 , being an Egyptian engineer , with a loving mother , elementary school teacher , and the two people did all of the possible for me to give me a happy childhood .
Only when I was seven years old , our family started to change .
My father taught me a form of Islam that very few , even most Muslims , get to meet .
And I saw that when people take time to interact , it does n't require a lot to want to want to want the same things in life .
However , in all religion , in all the human group , there 's always a small fraction of people who are being used to be so blamed for their convictions that think that they have to use all the possible means so that they all lived .
A few months before he arrest me , he sat with me , and he explained to me that in the last weekend , he and some friends had been going to train on Long Island to practice .
He told me that I was going to the next day .
We got to the <unk> <unk> that , without knowing our group , he was monitoring by the FBI .
When I got my father to hold the rifle on the shoulder , and he explained to me how to aim for about 30 feet .
That day , with the last bullet that he shot I gave up to the little orange light on the target , and to be a surprise of all , especially mine , the whole goal broke out .
My uncle turned to the other and in Arabic , he said `` <unk> <unk> . ''
As a parent , such a son .
Everybody , the comment made a lot of laughter , but only a few years later I understood what it seemed so funny .
You saw in me , the same level of destruction that my father could cause .
Those people later would be committed to place one they 're charged with 700 kilos of explosives in the underground park in the North Trade Center , causing an explosion that killed six people and hurt another 1,000 .
I admired those men .
He called them `` <unk> , '' which means to me .
When I turned 19 , I had moved 20 times . That instability during my childhood did n't allow me to make a lot of friendships .
Every time I was starting to feel comfortable about someone already , it was moment of packing and going to another city .
As I was always me , the whole face of class was often a victim of <unk> .
I would make secret my identity to avoid being the white , but it will be the new of the kind , silent and a chubby , it was enough ammunition .
So most of the time I was going on home reading books , watching TV or playing games .
For these reasons , I did n't have social skills , to speak very gently . It was not prepared for the real world .
I was raised opera to judge people , based on arbitrary indicators , like their race or their religion .
So how could I open your eyes ?
One of the first experiences that started to test my thinking was during the 2000 presidential elections .
In a <unk> program that I participated in at the National Convention , in Philadelphia .
My group was <unk> in the subject of juvenile violence , as I had been a victim of <unk> almost my whole life , was something that I felt a lot of passion .
The members of this group came from various backgrounds .
One day , at the end of the convention , I discovered that one of the guys who had done friendship , was Jewish .
I took several days to go out of the light this detail , and I realized that there was no constraining between the two .
I had never had a Jewish friend , and quite frankly I felt very proud of being able to overcome the barrier that all of life had made me believe it was <unk> .
Another crucial moment arose when I got a summer job at Bush Gardens , an amusement park .
I found people from all sorts of beliefs and cultures -- that experience turned fundamental to the development of my character .
All of life had taught me that the <unk> was a sin , and by extension , all gay people were bad influences .
By chance , I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there , in a show , and I could see that several of them were the kinder and less critical ones I 'd seen in life .
So having been bullied as a child , I developed a sense of empathy for the suffering of others , but it was n't easy to try to be kind of kind of kind of treated , exactly the way I have wanted to be treated .
And so I was able to contrast the stereotypes that I had taught me as a child , with the experience of interaction in real life .
I do n't know how that of being homosexual , but I do know what it is to be judged for something beyond my control .
Then he came the `` Daily Show . ''
Every night , Jon Stewart made me being intellectually honest about my <unk> , and I helped me see that race of people , religion or sexual orientation , have nothing to do with character .
In many forms , he became my straitjacket in a moment when I was desperately <unk> .
Occasionally , the inspiration can come from the unexpected , and that a Jewish comedian had a better influence in my life that my own father , extremist , was not in vain .
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my way thinking , and she told me something that 's going to keep my heart forever , while he 's alive .
She looked at me with the eyes , you know , you 've got tired of somebody who has suffered enough <unk> and said , `` I 'm tired of hate . ''
At that moment , I realized how much negative energy is needed to keep all that hatred inside your inside .
My real name is not <unk> <unk> .
It changed when my family decided to break my relationship with my father and start a new life .
So why did I decide to go out and put into a possible risk ?
Well , it 's simple .
I 've done that because I hope someone , someday , to whom you try to take the violence , can hear my story and understand that there 's a better path , that even though I 've been reminded of this violent ideology and <unk> , I did n't get to a fan .
Instead , I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and prejudice .
I do that because of the victims of terrorism , and by their loved ones , and for the terrible pain and loss that terrorism has produced them in their lives .
For the victims of terrorism , talking , against those meaningless acts , like rejection of my father .
With this simplicity , I 'm showing you here as proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race , that the kids do n't have to follow the roads from their parents .
I 'm not my father .
Thank you . Thank you all . Thank you very much .
Right now , there 's a movie that is projected in your minds .
It 's an amazing <unk> movie .
It 's in 3D , and it has <unk> sound of what you hear and see right now . But that 's just the beginning .
Your movie has smell and taste and texture .
It feels your body , your pain , your hunger , your pleasure .
It has emotions and anger and happiness .
It has memories , like moments of your childhood that we project in front of your eyes .
And it has constantly a voice superimposed on your conscious thinking .
The heart of the movie is you who experience everything in direct .
This film is your flow of consciousness , the subject of the experience of mind and the world .
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the human being .
Each of us is conscious .
We all have an internal movie , you , you and you .
There 's nothing that you know more directly .
At least , I know I have an consciousness .
I do n't have certainty that you 're conscious .
Consciousness is also the reason to live .
If we were n't conscious , nothing in our lives would make sense or value .
But at the same time it 's the most mysterious phenomenon of the universe .
Why are we conscious ?
Why do we have these internal movies ?
Why are n't we only robots that we 're going to get to produce outcomes without experiencing the internal movie ?
Right now , nobody knows the answers to those questions .
I suggest that to integrate awareness to science , you need some radical ideas .
Some people say it 's impossible for a science of consciousness .
Science , by nature , is objective .
Consciousness , by nature , is subjective .
So there 's never a science of consciousness .
Because for almost the whole of the 20th century , we 've got that vision .
psychology studied objectively ongoing behavior , neuroscience is objectively seen , but nobody mentioned consciousness .
Even 30 years ago , when TED started , there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness .
After , 20 years ago , it all began to change .
<unk> like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Penrose said , `` now it 's the moment for science to raise consciousness . ''
And since then , there was a real explosion , a flowering of the scientific work about consciousness .
And this work was fantastic . It was great .
But it also has fundamental limitations to the moment .
The center of the science of consciousness in recent years was the search for correlations , correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness .
We saw something about this guy in the fantastic work that I put Nancy <unk> a few minutes ago .
We now understand much better , for example , the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of looking at faces or feeling pain or feeling happy .
But this is still a science of correlations .
It 's not a science of explanations .
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences , but we do n't know why .
I 'd like to explain to explain that this kind of work in neuroscience answer some questions that we want to explain consciousness : the questions about what they do certain areas of the brain and what did it correlate .
But in a sense , those are the easy problems .
No offense to neuroscientists .
Actually , there 's no problem with consciousness with consciousness .
Well , I do n't address the real mystery of this matter : Why all the physical process in the brain has to be accompanied by consciousness ?
Why is there a subjective movie ?
Right now , we ca n't understand it .
And you can say , let 's give you a few years to neuroscience .
It 's going to turn into another emergent phenomenon like traffic traffic , like hurricanes , like life , and we 're going to find explanation .
The typical <unk> are all kinds of emergent behaviors , how the traffic operate , how hurricanes work , how they reproduce , they adapt and metabolize the living organisms . They 're all questions about the goal .
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon : how we walk , how we 're talking about , how we play chess ; they 're all questions about behavior .
But when it comes to consciousness , the questions about behavior are between easy problems .
But the hard problem , is the question of why is it that everything is accompanied by a subjective experience ?
And here it is , the standard paradigm of emergence , the standard paradigm of neuroscience , actually still does n't have a lot to say .
I 'm a <unk> , young <unk> .
I want a scientific theory of the <unk> that works . For a long time , I was beating my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure terms of physical terms that would work .
But finally , I came to the conclusion that that did n't work for systematic reasons .
I think we 're going to get it into this point .
We have a wonderful string of explanations , great . We get used to this ; physics explains chemistry , chemistry explains biology , biology explains part of psychology .
But consciousness does n't seem to fit in this scheme .
On the one hand , it 's a fact that we are conscious .
On the other hand , we do n't know how to address that idea to our scientific worldview .
I think that consciousness , right now , is an anomaly , something that we need to integrate into our worldview , but we do n't know yet how .
With an anomaly , like this , you can need radical ideas , I think we need ideas that are at the beginning of crazy crazy things , before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way .
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas .
My friend Dan Dennett , who 's here today , has one .
Its crazy idea is that there is no such difficult problem with consciousness .
The whole idea of the inner subjective movie includes sort of an illusion or confusion .
In fact , what you have to do is explain the objective functions , the behaviors of the brain , and so it 's studies everything that needs explanation .
Well , more power for him .
That 's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of purely pragmatic consciousness , based on the brain .
At the same time , for me and for many others , that vision is pretty close to simply deny that the observation of consciousness is satisfying .
But I go in a different direction .
In the time that I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think may be promising .
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is fundamental .
We sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental bricks : space , time and mass .
There was fundamental laws that govern it , as the laws of gravity or quantum mechanics .
These laws and fundamental properties do n't explain in terms of any more basic terms .
Instead , they think of it as fundamental , and there 's the world built .
Sometimes the list of the fundamental is <unk> .
In the 19th century Maxwell discovered that you ca n't explain the electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts , space , time , mass , Newton 's laws , and so he applied the basic laws of electromagnetism , and he applied to electric charge as a fundamental concept that those laws govern .
I think that 's the situation that we find with consciousness .
If you ca n't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas , space , time , mass , load , then by logic , you have the long list .
The more natural it would be to change consciousness as a fundamental thing , a fundamental brick of nature .
This does n't mean that all of a sudden is not the object of science .
It opens up the way to scientifically direct it .
So what we need is to study fundamental laws that govern consciousness , the laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts : space , time , mass , physical processes .
The physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental fundamental laws that we can tell them in a <unk> .
The situation of consciousness is something like this .
We want to find fundamental fundamental laws that we could tell them in a t-shirt .
We still do n't know what laws are , but that 's what we 're looking for .
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal .
Every system can have a degree of consciousness .
This vision is sometimes called <unk> : `` Pan , '' for all , `` <unk> '' for mind , every system is conscious , not only humans , dogs , mice , flies , even the microbes of Rob Knight , the elementary particles .
Even a photon has some degree of consciousness .
The idea is not that photons are smart or thinking .
It 's not that a photon can be filled with distress when you think , `` Oh , I always go at the speed of light .
I can never slow down and smell the pink . ''
No , so .
But the thought is that perhaps photons can have some element of raw , subjective , some primitive precursor to consciousness .
This may sound a little bit crazy for you .
How did anybody think about something so crazy ?
Part of this comes from the first crazy idea , which consciousness is fundamental .
If it 's fundamental , like space , time and mass , it 's natural to assume that it can also be universal , just like the others .
It 's also worth noticing that even though the idea seems to us , it 's much less for the people of different cultures , where the human mind seems more about nature .
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the most simple and powerful way to find fundamental laws that <unk> the thinking with the physical process , is that it is <unk> consciousness .
Whenever there 's information processing , there is consciousness .
From <unk> <unk> , like a human being , complex consciousness .
So simple data , simple awareness .
Something very exciting is that in recent years , a neuroscientist , <unk> <unk> , took this kind of theory , and he developed them rigorously .
It has a mathematical measure of information integration , which is called <unk> , which measures the degree of information integrated into a system .
And it 's supposed to be done with consciousness .
So in a human brain , there 's an incredible degree of information integration , a high degree of <unk> , a lot of consciousness .
So in a mouse , there is a half of information integration , just as significant consciousness , and it 's quite significant consciousness .
But when you get to the worms , microbes , the particles , the degree of <unk> <unk> .
The level of information integration is less , but it 's not zero either .
In the theory of <unk> , there will still be a different awareness level of zero .
In fact providing a fundamental law of consciousness : high degree of <unk> , high degree of consciousness .
Also , another reason is that the <unk> can help us integrate awareness to the physical world .
The physicists and the philosophers have noticed that physics is curiously abstract .
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations , but we do n't talk about the fact that underlies it .
As Stephen Hawking accounts , `` Where does the fire go out of the equations ? ''
From the vision of the physics , the physics of physics can be left as they are , but you can use it to describe the flow of consciousness .
That 's what physicists do basically describe the flow of consciousness .
According to this vision , consciousness is that puts it on the equations .
In that vision , consciousness is not in the physical world as an additive species .
It 's right there in the center .
This vision , I think , <unk> vision , has the potential to undermine our relationship with nature , and it can have social and ethical consequences .
Some can be <unk> .
I used to think that I should n't eat anything that had consciousness , then I should be a vegetarian .
If you 're a <unk> and you accept that vision , you 'll get a lot of hunger .
I think that thinking about it , this tends to transform your visions , whereas what matters in ethical terms and add moral , is not both the fact that consciousness is , but its importance and complexity .
It 's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems , like computers .
What about the artificial intelligence system of Samantha in the movie `` <unk> '' ?
Is it conscious ?
According to the vision of <unk> information , she has an integrated information processing , so the answer is yes , if it 's conscious .
If this is right , there are serious ethical problems about the ethics of developing computer systems and the ethics ethic .
Finally , you can ask for the consciousness of whole collective , the planet .
Canada has its own consciousness ?
Or at a more local level , an integrated group , like the audience in a TED Talk . Right now , we have a TED collective , an internal movie for this whole TED group , different from the internal movies of each of the parts ?
I do n't know the answer to that question , but I think at least it 's a question you must take seriously .
So this <unk> view is a radical vision , and I do n't know if it 's right .
I 'm actually more confident about the first crazy idea , which consciousness is fundamental , that the second one is universal .
Now , vision raises many questions , many challenges , like , how little bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness that we know and we love .
If we can answer those questions , then I think we 're going on the right path to a theory of serious consciousness .
If not , well , this is probably the most difficult problem of science and philosophy .
We ca n't wait to solve it overnight .
But I think we 'll finally get it to discover .
Understanding consciousness is the real key , I think , to understand the universe and to understand ourselves .
Maybe we just need the right crazy idea .
Thank you .
I grew up in a small rural village in Victoria .
He had a very normal profile , a low education profile .
I went to school , I joined my friends with my friends .
It was all very normal .
And when I was 15 , a member of my community came up to my parents , because I wanted to interview a community prize .
And my parents said , `` Well , that 's really nice , but there 's an obvious problem .
She did n't get anything . '' And they were right .
I went to school , I had good grades . After the school , I had a low profile in my mother 's hair , and I spent a lot of time looking at the `` <unk> The <unk> <unk> '' and `` <unk> 's Creek . ''
Yes , I know . What a contradiction .
But they were right .
I did nothing that was extraordinary at all .
Nothing that can be considered if we take disability outside of the equation .
Years later , I was in the second part of teaching in a high school in Melbourne , just after about 20 minutes in the middle of the middle of the studies of studies , and he raised a guy , and he said , `` Hey , when will you give your speech ? ''
And I said , `` What speech ? ''
Well , I 'd been talking about the law of defamation for about 20 minutes .
And he said , `` You know , your <unk> speech .
When people in the wheelchair , they talk about <unk> things in school ? ''
`` Usually in the acts room . ''
And it was then when I realized , this kid had had experiences with people with disabilities as inspiration .
And we 're not . And it 's not the fault of the boy , it 's true for many of us .
For us , disability is not our teachers or our doctors or our doctors .
We 're not real people . We 're there to inspire .
And , in fact , I 'm on this stage I 'm going to do with what I do in this wheelchair , and you probably are waiting to inspire you . Right ? Yes .
Well , ladies and gentlemen , I 'm afraid to make a lot of a lot .
I 'm not here to make it .
I 'm here to tell you that you have lied to disability .
Yes , they have sold the lie that disability is a bad thing , a capital , M capital .
It 's something wrong and living with a disability makes you exceptional .
It 's not bad , and it ca n't make you exceptional .
And over the last few years , we 've been able to spread even further this lie through social media .
You may have seen images like this : `` The only disability in life is a bad attitude . ''
Or this one : `` Your excuse is <unk> . '' In effect .
Or this one , `` Before I leave , <unk> ! ''
These are just a couple of examples , but there 's a lot of them .
You may have seen one , of the girl without drawing drawing with a pencil that 's held by the mouth .
You may have seen a kid who runs with carbon fiber legs .
And there 's a lot of these images , which are what we call porn inspiration .
And I use porn term deliberately , because they would give a group of people for the benefit of another group of people .
And so in this case , we will be influenced by the disabled of disabled people .
The purpose of these images is to inspire them , to motivate them , so we can see them and think , `` Well , for very bad , it 's my life , it might be worse .
I could be that person . ''
But what if you 're that person ?
I 've lost the account of the number of times as strange to tell me to express that you think I 'm brave or a source of inspiration , and this was going to happen to before my work had a public profile .
It was as if I got up in the morning and remember my own name , and this is <unk> .
These images , those images are attributed to people with disability for people who have no disability .
They 're there so you can see them and think that things are n't so bad for you , or to put your concerns in perspective .
And life as a disabled person is really hard .
Let 's make some things .
But the things that we overcome are not the things that you can think about .
They are not relative things to our bodies .
I use the term `` severe '' term , deliberately because I was telling me as a social model of disability , which tells us that we are more disabled because of the society that we live in because of our bodies or diagnostics .
So I 've lived in this body for a long time .
I 'm very pleased with it .
It makes the things that I need to do , and I 've learned to get the best of your ability as well as you do , and that 's what happens to the kids of those pictures as well .
They 're not doing anything outside of the common .
They 're just using their bodies by taking the best of their ability .
So is it really just <unk> in the way we do it , when we share those images ?
When people say , `` You 're an inspiration source , '' it tells you as a compliment .
And I know why it happens .
It 's because of the lie , because they have sold this lie that disability makes us remarkable .
And honestly , it does n't .
And I know what you 're thinking .
I 'm here <unk> the inspiration , and you think , `` For God , you 're not sometimes inspired by something ? ''
And actually , I know I am .
And I learn from other people with disabilities at all time .
Yet I do n't learn that I 'm more lucky than them .
Now , I learn that this is a great idea to use some barbecue tweezers to pick up the things that go down . I learn the ingenious trick of how to load the phone phone battery on the chair of the chair .
Great .
We learn about the force and resilience from others , not against our bodies and our diagnosis , but against a world that we 're going to do and get rid of us .
I really believe that that lie that has sold us about disability is the greatest injustice .
It makes us hard life .
And that quote : `` The only disability in life is bad attitude , '' the reason that that 's lie is because it 's not true , because of the social model of disability .
A lot of smiles at a garbage pitch has n't done it to become a ramp .
Never . <unk> on a television screen wo n't show up the subtitles for the deaf people .
Nor did a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and reflecting a positive attitude to turn all those books braille .
It 's simply not going to happen .
I want to really live in a world where disability is not the exception , but the norm .
I want to live where a 15-year-old girl , sitting in his bedroom , watching `` <unk> the <unk> '' is not being considered to be in a chair .
I want to live in a world where we do n't have so low expectations of the people with disability that we 're going to be <unk> out of bed and remembering our names in the morning .
I want to live in a world where we value genuine lives of disabled people , and I want to live in a world where an 11-year-old child in a high school in Melbourne is not a little surprised that his new teacher is a wheelchair .
disability does n't make us remarkable , but question what you think you know about what you think about it .
Thank you .
What do you have to look at augmented reality and professional football , with empathy ?
And what is the average speed of a swallow board ?
Unfortunately , today , I 'll just answer one of those questions , so , please , do n't be <unk> .
When people think of augmented reality , think of `` Minority Report , '' and in Tom Cruise <unk> the hands in the air , but augmented reality is not science fiction .
Augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and will happen because we have the tools for it , and people need to know it , because augmented reality will change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones .
So how did we get to augmented reality ?
The first step is what I 'm wearing : Google Glass Glass .
I 'm sure many of you are familiar with them .
What you may not know is that Google Glass are a device that lets them see what I see .
It will allow them to experience what is being a professional athlete in the field .
Right now , the only way to be in the field is that I try <unk> .
I have to use words .
I have to create a framework that you fill with your imagination .
We can use Google Glass , under a helmet and knowing what 's running through the game of play at 100 miles per hour , blood beating your ears .
Now , we can know that it feels like a man of 110 pounds <unk> , trying to deal with everything .
I 've been there and I assure you that it 's not nice .
I 'm going to take a few videos to show you what is to use Google Glass under the helmet , and give you an idea of that .
Unfortunately , they 're not from the practical practices of the NFL , because the idea of the NFL technology is a submarine going up to the surface . But we do what we can .
So let 's look at a video .
Chris <unk> : Come on .
It 's horrible to be <unk> .
It 's a moment . I 'll give you a little bit .
You ready ?
Go !
Chris <unk> : As you can see , it 's a <unk> of what it is to be <unk> in the football field , from the perspective of the <unk> .
You might have realized that we lack people , the rest of the team .
We have a video of them , <unk> from the University of Washington .
<unk> camp : Mice 54 ! Mice !
Blue 8 , Blue 8 ! Go !
Chris <unk> : This is a little bit more like feeling in the field , but it has nothing to do with being in the NFL .
You want that experience .
The fans want to be in the field , be their favorite players , and they 've been asking me on YouTube and on Twitter , `` You can see from the angle of a field .
Or a corridor ?
We want to experience that . ''
Once we have that experience with <unk> and Google Glass , how do we come up with the next level ?
We took it to that level using something called <unk> Rift , which surely many of you already know .
The Rift <unk> has been described as the virtual reality device ever created , and it 's not cheap .
And I 'm going to show you why , with this video .
Man : Oh , oh !
No , no , no , no ! I do n't want to keep playing ! No !
Oh my God ! Oh !
CK : That 's the experience of a man in a roller coaster fearing for its life .
What 's the experience of a fan when you put up a video of Adrian <unk> across the line , <unk> from a <unk> with the arm before he run and make an notation ? What will be the experience of a fan of a fan .
When he could be able to run through the court , release the ball in the bottom of the network , or do you take a cautionary stick ?
What your experience is when it goes from a mountain to more than 100 miles an hour as a Olympic skier ?
Maybe they 'd run the sales of diapers for adults .
But this is not even augmented reality .
It 's just virtual reality , <unk> .
How do we achieve augmented reality , <unk> ?
<unk> augmented reality when the coaches , <unk> and owners see the information that people want to see and think , `` How do we use this to improve our teams ?
How do we use it to win games ? ''
Because they always use technology to win .
They like to win . It gives you money .
So , here 's a quick refresher on the NFL .
In 1965 , the Baltimore <unk> put a <unk> into his field <unk> to play faster .
They won the Super Bowl that year .
Other teams decided to animate them .
More people saw the game because it was more exciting , faster .
In 1994 , the NFL put radios on the shelves of the countryside and then on the defenses .
They had more viewers , because it was faster , more fun .
In <unk> , imagine that it 's a player coming back to your group and you see their next little shot in front of you , in a plastic bombsight that you 're wearing , you 're not going to have to worry about forgetting a move .
It 's or for memorize the strategy .
They just come out of the field and react .
And the coaches want it because if you do n't follow their instructions , they lose games , they hate to lose games .
If you lose parties as a coach as a coach .
And they do n't want that .
But augmented reality is not just a new strategies manual .
Augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your way to play the game .
How do you do it ?
Well , a very simple option would be a camera in every corner of the stadium , having a view from the top of the people who are down .
You also get information out of the gas sensors and yellowfin sensors , something that 's already been working on .
And all that information is sent to your players .
The good teams will know it .
The bad guys will have information overload .
This is going to take the good teams of the bad guys .
So your computer team will be as important as your scouts , and data analysis to stop being just for nerds .
I 'm also for athletes , who would have imagined ?
How would it be in the field ?
Imagine that they 're the field of field .
It <unk> the ball and <unk> .
It 's going to be an open receptor . Suddenly , a flashlight on the left side of your bombsight will tell you that a defense behind you goes to <unk> .
<unk> the area of protection .
Another flashlight you would argue that there 's an open receptor .
It <unk> the ball .
And the ball loses the trajectory .
You do n't know where to land , however , the receptor is seen in its bombsight an area of grass that lights up and can change the career .
It comes up , it takes the ball , it runs and puts it .
The public is crazy and the fans have followed it from each angle .
This is something that creates a massive emotion in the party .
So I 'm going to make lots of people see it , because people want to live that experience .
The fans want to be in the field .
They want to be your favorite player .
Augmented reality will be part of the sport because it 's too profitable to not be .
But what I ask you is : Do we want this to be the only use of augmented reality ?
Are we going to use it just like bread and circus , like our usual entertainment ?
Because I think we can use it for something else .
I think we can use augmented reality to foster empathy between human beings , to show someone how it is , literally , being in the place of another person .
We know what this technology is worth for you .
It generates billions of revenues a year .
But how much is this technology going for a professor in the classroom trying to show you how harmful is their actions from the perspective of the victim ?
How much is this technology for a gay in Uganda or Russia , trying to show the world how is being pursued ?
How much is it for a <unk> <unk> or a Neil <unk> Tyson trying to inspire a generation of kids to think more about space and science instead of <unk> and <unk> notes ?
Ladies and gentlemen , reality reality is about .
The questions we do , the decisions we take and the challenges that we face , they depend on , as usual .
Thank you .
I recently retire after 23 years of service in the <unk> <unk> of California .
Most of those 23 years , I spent the country -- the southern end of the <unk> County , including the Golden Gate Bridge .
The bridge is an iconic structure , known as the beautiful view of San Francisco , the Pacific Ocean , and its inspiring architectural inspiring .
Unfortunately , it 's also a magnet for suicide , being one of the most widely used places in the world .
The Golden Gate Bridge was open in 1937 .
Joseph Strauss , who engineer who 's going to build the bridge , said that , `` The bridge is virtually by proof of suicide .
suicide from the bridge is not practical and likely . ''
But from his openness , over 1,600 people have jumped to their death from that bridge .
Some people think that travel between the two towers will take you to another dimension , this bridge has become an idealized , so that every one of it has released you from all of your worries and pain , and the waters that go below your soul .
But let me tell you , when the bridge is used to commit suicide .
After a free of four to five seconds , the body hits the water about 120 miles an hour .
The impact breaks down the bones , some of which <unk> organs .
Most of them die in the impact .
The ones that do n't , usually get rid of the helpless and then they drown .
I do n't think that the ones who were going to have this suicide method will realize the death of death that they 're going to face .
This is the wire .
Except around the two towers , there 's 32 inches of parallel steel on the bridge .
This is where most people have gone to before they get out of life .
I can tell you for experience that once the person is on that edge , and in its darker moment , it 's very hard to bring them back .
I took this picture last year while this young man talked to an officer looking at his life .
I want to tell you with joy that he 's successful in bring it back on the railing .
When I started working on the bridge , we did n't have formal training .
<unk> to channel the way through these calls .
This was not just a bad service for those of them who were suicidal , but the officers too .
We 've come a long way since then .
Today , official officials and psychologists train the new officers .
This is Jason <unk> .
I met him about July 22 last year when I receive a call from a possible subject sitting in the cord near the center .
<unk> , and when I came , I looked at Jason talking to an officer of the Golden Gate Bridge .
Jason was just 32 years old , and he had flown here from New Jersey .
In fact , I 'd flown up here twice as long as we had since New Jersey to commit suicide from this bridge .
After about an hour talking to Jason , we asked if we knew the story of Pandora 's box .
<unk> the Greek mythology , <unk> created Pandora , and he sent it to the Earth with a box , and he said , `` Never , never open that box . ''
Well , one day , curiosity could be more than Pandora , and she opened the box .
She came out of pests , sorrows , and all kind of evil against the man .
The only good thing in the box was hope .
So Jason , like , `` What if you open up the box and there 's no hope ? ''
It was stopped by a few moments , leaned down on the right , and it was .
This kind of smart , smart guy from New Jersey had just got rid of life .
I talked to the parents of Jason that night , and I guess when I was talking to them , it did n't seem to be ringing , because the next day , the rabbi of the family called me to see how he was .
The parents of Jason had been asked .
<unk> damage to a lot of people .
I ask you these questions : What would you do if a member of your family , a friend or someone loved being suicide ?
What would you say ?
What to say ?
In my experience , it 's not only to speak , but you need to listen .
Listening to understanding .
No <unk> , <unk> , or tell the person you know how it feels , because you probably do n't know .
It 's just being there , you can be the inflection point that you need .
If you think that someone is suicide , you 're not afraid to go back and ask the question .
One way to ask the question is , `` Did others in similar circumstances have thought about their life , have you had these thoughts ? ''
<unk> the person in front can save her life and be the inflection point for them .
Other signs are going to look for : despair , believe that things are terrible , and they 're never going to get better ; we 're going to believe that there 's nothing that you can do about it -- recent social isolation -- and a lost of interest in life .
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago , and I got an email from a lady and I 'd like to read you your letter .
She lost his son on the 19th of January of this year , and he wrote this email just a couple of days ago , and he 's with her permission and blessing I read it .
`` Hello , Kevin . I guess you 're at the TED conference .
It must be a whole experience to be there .
I 'm thinking that I should go to the bridge this weekend .
I just wanted to leave you a note .
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to your friends who tell your friends and so on .
I 'm still pretty insensitive , but noticing more moments of realizing that Mike wo n't come home .
Mike was driving back to San Francisco to see the game of 49 with his father on the 19th of January .
He never got there .
I called the police of <unk> and reported as disappeared that night .
The next morning , two officers came to my house and reported that Mike 's car was down on the bridge .
A witness had seen it jump from the bridge to the late days of the day before .
Thank you very much for fighting for those who can be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves .
Who has n't been before bad without having a real mental illness ?
It should n't be so easy to end up with it .
My prayers are with you for your fight .
The <unk> , the Golden Gate Bridge is supposed to be a ticket through our beautiful bay , not a cemetery .
Good luck this week , <unk> . ''
I ca n't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and walk the path that his son took that day , and also the courage to go ahead .
I 'd like to introduce you to a man that I mean with hope and value .
On March 11 , 2005 , I said to a radio call by a possible subject suicide on the sidewalk , near the north tower .
I led my bike on the sidewalk and watched this man , Kevin <unk> , standing on the sidewalk .
When he saw me , you immediately cross the railing , and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower .
For the time and a half later , I heard like Kevin talked about his depression and despair .
Kevin decided on his account that day come back on that lane and give life another chance .
When Kevin <unk> , he <unk> it .
`` This is a new beginning , new life . ''
But I asked him , `` What was it that he did you go back and gave it to the hope and gave her life another chance ? ''
And you know what he told me ?
He said , `` You 've heard .
You leave me talking and just heard . ''
Shortly after that incident , I got a letter from Kevin 's mother , and I have that letter with me , and I 'd like to make it .
`` Dear Sir <unk> , nothing erase the March 11 events , and you 're one of the reasons Kevin 's next to us .
Honestly , I think Kevin was <unk> .
It 's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it 's been properly .
She took Kevin to Kevin when I only had six months , completely unconscious of all those traits -- but , thanks to God , we now know .
Kevin 's in order , as he says .
We thank God for yourself .
<unk> with you , <unk> <unk> . ''
And at the end she writes , `` <unk> . When I visited San Francisco 's San Francisco Hospital that night , you 're going to <unk> as the patient .
`` Well , I know I had to solve it ! ''
Today , Kevin is a loving father and active father .
It talks openly about the events of that day and their depression with the hope that their story inspire others .
suicide is not just something I 've found myself at work .
It 's personal .
My grandfather killed himself with poison .
That act , despite finishing his own pain , robbery me the opportunity to meet him .
This is what suicide does .
For most people suicidal , or those who consider suicide , they would n't think they hurt another person .
They just want their own pain over .
Usually , this is actually achieved just three ways : sleep , drugs or alcohol or death .
In my career , I 've been thinking , and I 've been involved in hundreds of mental illness and called suicide around the bridge .
These incidents I 've been directly involved in , I 've just lost two , but those two are too much .
One was Jason .
The other one was a man who told him about an hour .
And during that time , I would get my hand in three times .
In the end hand , he looked at me , and he said , `` Kevin , I 'm sorry , but I have to go . ''
And he jumped .
Awful , absolutely horrible .
I want to tell you , though , that the vast majority of the people that we get to contact on that bridge do n't kill themselves .
Also , those few who have jumped from the bridge and lived , and that you can talk about it , that one or two percent , most of those people have said that the second that they leave the railing of the railing realized that they had made a mistake and they wanted to live .
I tell people , the bridge is not only connected to <unk> with San Francisco , but also people .
That connection , or a bridge that we do , is something that all of us and each of us have to be striving for doing .
suicide can prevent .
There 's help . There 's hope .
Thank you very much .
The world makes you be what you 're not , but in your inner you know what you are , and a question question : How do you become that ?
I have to be something unique in that sense , but I 'm not alone , in any way I 'm alone .
When I became a model , I felt that I finally had the dream that I had ever had as a child .
My outside , finally , to be able to get my inner truth with my inner self .
For a very complicated reason , I 'm going to tell you later , when I look at this picture , I think , <unk> <unk> , you got it , you got .
But last October , I discovered that , I 'm just starting .
We 're all going to give us our families , our religion , our society , our moment in history , even our bodies .
Some of them have the value of free , to get rid of the limitations of the skin color or the beliefs of those around us .
These are people who are always challenging the status quo , which is considered accepted .
In my case , the last nine years , many of my neighbors , many of my friends , my agent even ignored my story .
I think this puzzle is called revelation .
This is mine .
I was recorded as a child , at birth because of the appearance of my genital .
I remember my five years in the Philippines , in my home , I was always wearing this t-shirt in my head .
And my mom would ask me , `` Why do you always take that shirt in your head ? ''
I said , `` Mom , it 's my hair . I 'm a girl . ''
I knew then how to make it .
gender has always been considered a unchanging , but now we know that , really , it 's something more complex and mysterious .
Because of my success , I 'm never going to help me share my story , not because I thought I 'm a bad thing to be bad , but how the world deals with those of us who want to be free .
Every day I appreciate being a woman .
I have a mom , dad and a family who take me just as I am .
Many are not so fortunate .
There 's a long tradition in Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender .
There 's a Buddhist goddess of compassion .
There 's a Hindu goddess of <unk> .
And when I was eight , I was at a party in the Philippines that celebrated these mysteries .
I was in front of the stage , and I remember that this beautiful woman appeared in front of me , and I remember that moment as if something <unk> me : This is the kind of woman I would like to be .
And when I was 15 , when she still wore a man , I met this woman called <unk> .
It 's the Director of a transgender beauty contest .
That night she asked me , `` Why do n't you ever participate in the beauty contest ? ''
He told me that if she walked out , she was responsible for overhead and costume , and that night , I won in the bathroom , I won in the <unk> suit , and I got a third finalist in over 40 candidate .
That moment changed my life .
Suddenly , I was inside the world of beauty .
Not many people can say that their first job was queen of transgender women 's beauty of transgender women , but I can .
I also met the god of homeless , especially when we traveled to remote provinces of the Philippines .
But most importantly , I met my best friends in that community .
In 2001 , my mom , who had moved to San Francisco , called me and told me that passed my application to the green card that I could go to live to the United States .
I was arrested .
I said to my mother , `` Mommy , I 'm having fun .
I 'm here with friends , I like to travel and be a beauty queen . ''
But then , two weeks later , I called me and said , `` You know , if you 'll be told to America , you can change your name and gender identity ? ''
It was all I needed to hear .
My mom suggested to me to put two `` and '' my name .
She also accompanied me when I got surgery in Thailand at 19 .
It 's curious that in some of the most rural cities of Thailand , to perform the surgeries and more sophisticated , sophisticated surgeries .
In that time in the United States , it was necessary to have surgery before they changed the name and gender .
So , in 2001 , I went to San Francisco , and I remember looking at the driving driver with the name of <unk> and the `` F . ''
It was a great moment .
For some people , their identity document means power to drive or be able to get a drink , but for me was the license to live , to feel dignified .
Suddenly , my fears saw <unk> .
I felt that I could conquer my dream and moved to New York , and it will be model .
Many are not so fortunate .
I think of this woman in <unk> <unk> <unk> .
A young woman in New York City who bravely lived his truth , but that , <unk> , he turned to his life .
For many of my community , that 's the reality that they live .
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population .
And all 20 of November we make a global vigil for the <unk> Day of <unk> .
I 'm on this stage , thanks to a long history of people who come out and put foot on injustice .
These are Marsha P. Johnson and Sylvia <unk> .
Today , right now , I 'm coming out of the closet .
I ca n't continue to live my truth alone and just for me .
I want to do the best to help the others to live their truth without shame , not fear .
I 'm here , <unk> , so that someday there 's no longer than 20 than 20 .
My deepest truth took me to accept what I am .
Do you ?
Thank you very much .
Thank you , thank you , thank you . Kathryn Schulz : <unk> , a quick question .
<unk> <unk> : Sure . You see , first , thank you to thank all my blessings .
my support network , my parents especially , to my family , who is very strong .
I remember all the time I 've been to young young women , which I 've anticipated , and sometimes when they called me and told me that their parents could n't embrace it , I would take the phone , he called my mom and said , `` Mommy , can you call this woman ? ''
Sometimes it worked , it 's not . It 's just gender identity , that 's what 's in the center of what we are , right ?
I mean , we all had a gender at birth to birth , and what I 'm trying to do is put on the table that sometimes that assignment does n't block , and that there should be a space that would allow him to <unk> people , and this is a conversation that we should have with parents , with colleagues .
The transgender movement is <unk> compared to the gay movement .
There 's still a lot of work to do .
I should have understanding .
There should be space for curiosity and asking questions , and I hope all of you are my allies .
KS : Thank you . Very nice . <unk> : Thank you .
In many patriarchal and tribal societies , the parents are usually known for their children , but I 'm one of the few parents who 's known for her daughter , and I 'm proud of it .
<unk> started his campaign for education defending his rights in 2007 , and when his efforts went into 2011 , by <unk> the Korean Peace Prize , became very famous , a very popular girl in her country .
Before that , it was my daughter , but now I 'm his father .
Ladies and gentlemen , if you take a look at the history of humanity , the story of women is the story of injustice , of inequality , of violence and exploitation .
You see , in patriarchal societies , right from the beginning , when born a child , his birth is not celebrated .
It 's not welcome , nor for your father , nor for his mother .
The neighborhood comes , gives her to the mother , and nobody 's going to get a parent .
And a mother gets eaten a lot to have a child .
When it gives birth to the first girl , the first child , it gets sad .
When it gives birth to the second daughter , they would be <unk> , and with the hope of a son , when she turned out his third daughter , it feels guilty as a criminal .
Not only mother suffers , but the daughter 's a newborn , when it grows , he suffers .
At the age of five , when I should go to school , he got home and school admits her brothers .
Until the age of 12 , in some way , it has a good life .
You can have fun .
It can play with his friends on the street , and he can move through the streets like a butterfly .
But when it comes in in adolescence , when it 's 13 years old , you have to have a stick out of your house without a male driver .
It 's confined to the four walls of their house .
It 's no longer a free person .
It becomes the honor of his father and her brothers and her brothers and his family , and if you were to put the code of that honor of honor , he could even kill .
And it 's interesting that it 's code of honor , not just affecting the life of a girl , it also affects the life of the male members of the family .
So this brother , <unk> the joys of his life and the happiness of their sisters in behalf of the honor of course .
And there 's a norm of the patriarchal societies that is called obedience .
It 's supposed to be very quiet , very humble and very <unk> .
It 's the criteria .
The model of a good girl must be <unk> .
It 's supposed to be quiet and they accept the decisions of their father and your mother and the decisions of the elderly , even if you do n't want to .
If you get married with a man who does n't like , or if you marry an old man , he has to embrace it , because he does n't want to be seen from <unk> .
If the very young marry , you have to embrace it .
Otherwise , <unk> <unk> .
And what happens in the end ?
In the words of a poet , `` The married , the <unk> , and then gives birth to more and daughters . ''
And the irony of the situation is that this mother , <unk> the same lesson of obedience to his daughter and the same lesson of honor to her children .
And this vicious cycle continues and continues .
I got brothers and sisters , when I was born <unk> , and for the first time , believe me , I do n't like newborns , to be honest , but when I was there and looked at her eyes , believe me , I was extremely honored .
And much before I was born , I thought of his name , and I was fascinated with a feisty of the freedom in Afghanistan .
His name was <unk> of <unk> , and I called my daughter like this .
But when I looked at it , all of them were men , and I grabbed my pen , and I would take a line of my name , and I wrote , `` <unk> . ''
And when she grew up , when she was four and a half and a half and a half years old .
You might ask , why should I mention a girl 's admission in a school ?
Yeah , I must have talked .
You can take it for granted in Canada , in the United States , in many developed countries , but in the poor countries , in the patriarchal societies , in tribal societies , is a great event for a child 's life .
<unk> in a school means recognition of his identity and his name .
One admission to school means that it 's entered the world of dreams and aspirations where they can explore their potential for their future life .
I have five sisters , and none of them could go to school , and they would be surprised , two weeks before , when I was on the Canadian visa form , and I was in the relative part of the family , I could n't remember the family of some of my sisters .
And the reason was that I had never seen the names of my books written in no document .
That was the reason that I value my daughter .
What my father could n't give my sisters and her daughters , I thought I had to change it .
I used to appreciate the intelligence and the <unk> of my daughter .
And I 'll just sit with me when my friends came to see me .
He encouraged him to go with me to different meetings .
And all of these values , I 've tried to make it on their personality .
And this was n't just for her , just to get it .
I 've done all these good values in my school to girls and boys alike .
I used education for emancipation .
I taught my daughters , taught the students , to forget the lesson of obedience .
I taught the students to forget the lesson of called <unk> .
I took brothers and sisters , we were fighting for more rights for women , and we were fighting to have more and more space for women in society .
But we found ourselves with a new phenomenon .
It was lethal for human rights and , in particular , for women 's rights .
It was called <unk> .
That means a complete denial of women 's participation in all political and economic activities and social .
Hundreds of schools have lost .
The girls were banned to school .
Women were forced to use the veil , and they stopped going to markets .
The musicians were silenced , the girls <unk> and the singers killed .
<unk> millions , but a few people talked , and it was terrifying to have all those people who kill and <unk> when you talk about their rights .
It 's really frightening .
At the age of 10 , <unk> got up and got up for the right to education .
He wrote a daily basis for the BBC 's blog , she was offered her same for New York Times , and he talked about every platform that he could .
And his voice was the most powerful voice .
It was <unk> as a <unk> around the world .
And that was the reason the Taliban could not tolerate his campaign , and on October nine , 2012 , was shot in his head .
It was a <unk> day for my family and me .
The world became a big black hole .
While my daughter was <unk> between life and death , she whispered into my wife , `` I should blame me for what happened to my daughter , your daughter ? ''
And he said to me , `` Please , do n't give you away .
It 's the right cause .
It takes your life into play by the cause of truth , because of peace , and by the cause of education , and your daughter was inspired by you and joined you .
Both of them were on the right path and God protect it . ''
These few words , I would take a lot of words for me , and I did n't ask again .
When I was first in the hospital , and he had severe pain and loud headaches , because her facial nerve was cut , I used to see a dark shadow that was taken through my wife 's face .
But my daughter never complained .
I used to tell us , `` I 'm fine with my smile , you know , with my face .
Please , do n't worry . ''
It was a comfort for us , and we 'd become <unk> .
I took brothers and sisters , we 've learned from her how to resist the harder moments , and I 'm happy to share with you that despite being an icon for the children 's rights and women , it 's like any 16-year-old girl .
He cries out when he did n't end his task .
They 're fighting with her brothers , and I 'm very happy for that .
People ask me , `` What 's special about my mentoring that has made so bold as brave , expressive and <unk> ? ''
I say , do n't ask me what I did .
I did n't know what I did .
He did n't cut his wings , and that 's all .
Thank you very much .
Thank you . Thank you very much . Thank you .
I was <unk> of the brain 18 years ago , and since that day , the science of the brain has become a personal passion .
I am engineering .
And I want to tell you that I 've recently joined the <unk> group of Google , where I 've had a <unk> to my office , the <unk> of Google <unk> , but all the work I 'm talking about today about the science of the brain , I did before I joined Google or outside of my work there .
Having said this , there 's a stigma when you give you into a brain operation .
Do you still be the same intelligent or not ?
Is n't you going to be intelligent ?
After neurosurgery , I was missing a part of the brain , and I had to live with it .
It was n't gray matter , but it was the <unk> part of the center that creates important hormones and neurotransmitters .
Immediately after the operation , I had to decide how much it takes , of more than a dozen powerful chemicals every day , because if I did n't take anything , I would die in a few hours .
Every day , over the last 18 years , I 've had to decide about combinations and mix chemicals , and try to get it , to keep living .
More than once I 've saved me .
But luckily , I 've got a soul of <unk> , so I decided I would experience it to try and get the <unk> dose , because there really does n't exist a clear map to tell you about <unk> .
I started to test with different mixes , and I was stunned by how little changes in the dose changed my <unk> , my sense of who I was , my way of thinking , my behavior with others .
A particularly impressive case : for a few months , I tried typical doses and chemical , and I was surprised by seeing how my thoughts changed .
I was always angry , I was thinking all the time in sex , and I thought I was the smartest person around the world , and -- of course , many times in the past , I 've met several types of guys like this , or maybe some <unk> versions of it .
It turned out as an extreme .
But my great surprise was that I was n't trying to be arrogant .
In fact , I was trying , so much insecure , to fix a problem that was in front of it , and just not that .
So I could n't handle it .
I changed my doses .
But I think that that experience gave me a new appreciation for men and about what they have to go through . I 've been getting better with men .
What I tried to do is to adjust those hormones and neurotransmitters and so on , was to reclaim my intelligence after the disease and the operation , my creative thinking , my flow of ideas .
I used to think almost almost always in images , and that became my key point : how do I get those mental images that I use to create <unk> , my ideas , if you want to do it ? Tell them new ideas and recreating situations .
This kind of thoughts is not new .
<unk> like Hume , Descartes and Hobbes see things like that .
They thought that the images and the mental ideas were the same thing .
Today , there are people who challenge this idea , and there are a lot of discussions about how the mind works . It 's simple : for most of us , the mental images are fundamental to the thinking and inventive thinking .
So , after several years , I 'm going to find the point right , and I 've got lots of great <unk> mentally <unk> , really <unk> , very sophisticated <unk> .
Now , I 'm working on how to take these mental images from my mind to the computer screen .
Can you imagine what if a theater director would be able to use his imagination only to drive the world to the front ?
Or if a musician could extract music from his head ?
There are incredible possibilities with this , as the way that creative people can come to share at the speed of light .
And the truth is , the only difficulty to do this is simply increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems .
Let me show you why I think we 're pretty close to this with two recent experiments that we 've done by two groups that are made in neuroscience .
They both used MRI technology , image by functional MRI , to represent the brain , and here you can see the brain scan made by <unk> <unk> and your Harvard colleagues .
The column on the left shows the brain scan of a person who looks at an image .
The column in the middle shows the brain scan of the same individual as he imagined , looking at that same image .
The column on the right is created by <unk> the contents of the central column on the left . It 's seen that the difference is almost to almost .
This was repeated in many different individuals with many different images , always with a similar outcome .
The difference between looking at an image and imagining that same picture is almost to point .
Now , let me share with you another experiment . This is from Jack <unk> 's lab in Berkeley , California .
They managed to turn the brain waves into unignorable visual camps .
Let 's put it this way .
In this experiment , I showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while their brains were restored to create a big pool of reactions from the brain to video footage .
Then , I showed you a film with new images , new people , new animals , and as long as a new scan will come .
The computer , using just the brain information , scanning it to show what it seemed like the person was seeing .
On the right you can see the computer 's computer , and on the left , the video that I showed you .
This blew up with us .
We 're right near that .
We just need to improve resolution .
And now remember , when you see an image , and when you imagine that same image , it 's created in the brain the same mapping .
This is done with the brain scanning systems of larger resolution today , and their resolution is increased as a thousand times over the last few years .
Now we need to increase the resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look .
How do we do it ?
There are many techniques to do that .
One is opening up the skull and put electrodes into it .
I did n't offer me for that .
Many of them are proposing new projection techniques , even me -- with the recent outcome of MRI , first we have to ask the next thing , this technology will be the end of the road ?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way of getting greater resolution is with larger magnets , but at this point , more likely magnets are only offering small improvements in resolution , not gains for thousands as we need .
I propose this : instead of larger magnets , make better magnets .
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different arrangements , like making a <unk> .
And why does this matter ?
Over the last few years , a lot of effort at MRI were to make big magnets , right ?
However , most of the latest breakthroughs in <unk> of clever , brilliant solutions in coding and <unk> , in the transmitters and receivers of FM radio electronics .
Instead , instead of a uniform field , we use structured magnetic patterns beyond the FM radio frequencies .
So , when we combine magnetic patterns with the patterns of structural radio processing patterns , we can increase it in a massive form of information that you can extract in a single scan .
Also , we can then divide ourselves into layers of our growing knowledge of the brain structure and the memory of the brain to create the increase in the thousands we need .
By using the fMRI , we should be able to measure not just blood fluid , but the hormones and the <unk> that I mentioned , and perhaps even the direct neural activity , this is sleep .
We 're going to be able to put our ideas into a direct way to digital media .
Can you imagine if we could go through the language and communicate directly through thinking ?
What would we be able to ?
And how do we learn how to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter ?
You thought the Internet is something big .
These are big questions .
It would be compelling as a tool to amplify our thinking skills and communication skills .
Certainly , this same tool could lead to the cure of Alzheimer 's and similar diseases .
We have a few more options that will open this door .
So anyway , choose a year , can it happen in five or 15 years ?
It 's hard to imagine that it takes a lot more .
We have to learn how to take this step together .
Thank you .
I 'll talk to you tonight about coming out of the closet , and not in a traditional sense , not just the gay closet .
I think we all have closets .
Your closet is probably telling someone for the first time you love her or tell someone who 's pregnant , or tell someone who 's pregnant , or to tell someone who has cancer , or any other difficult conversation that you have gone through in life .
You know , all closet is a hard conversation , and even though our topics can vary tremendously , the experience of having lived and out of that closet is universal .
It 's scary , and we do n't like it , and it must happen .
Many years ago , I was working on the South Side <unk> <unk> , a restaurant in the city , and I was there , I had to go through several stages of the intensity of <unk> <unk> : I did n't answer my armpits , quote the letters of <unk> I gave Franco as a litany .
And I 'll be slope from my pants short , and I 'd like my pants on my head , I 'd recently ask myself , a little kid , I 'd like , `` Hey , are you a kid or a girl ? ''
And there would be an awkward silence at the table .
I 'm going to make my jaw a little bit more , I would take my coffee with a leave of anger .
The father <unk> <unk> the newspaper , and his mother tossed a cold look at his son .
But I would n't say anything , and I 'll spread inside .
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a kid between three and 10 years , I was ready to fight .
And that 's a terrible feeling .
So I promised myself that next time I would say something .
It would be that hard conversation .
So after a few weeks , it happened again .
`` Are you a boy or a girl ? ''
A familiar silence , but this time I was ready and I was just about to get into the women 's issues at the table . I had the quotes from Betty <unk> .
Gloria Steinem .
Even a snippet of the `` Vagina Monologues '' which showed you .
So I took a deep breath , and I looked down and my back , a four-year-old girl with a pink dress , looking at me what 's not a challenge for a feminist mourning , just a little girl with a question : `` Are you a kid or girl ? ''
So I got a deep breath again , and I got a lot about it , and I said , `` Hey , I know this is something like this .
I 've got my hair 's short hair like a kid , and I saw a little kid , but I 'm a girl , and you know , like you like to use a pink dress , and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pajamas .
I 'm more of the type of girl in a comfortable pajamas . ''
And that girl staring at me , paying attention , and he said , `` My favorite pajamas is purple and she has a fish .
Can you give me a <unk> , please ? ''
And that was all . It 's just `` Oh , verify you are a girl .
What about the <unk> I asked ? ''
It was the easiest thing that I ever had .
And why ? Because the girl of the <unk> and I , both , were honest with one another .
So as many of us , I 've lived in some cabinet in my life , and yes , often , my walls used to be a rainbow .
But inside , in the dark , you ca n't know what color are the walls .
You just know how a feels living in a closet .
It 's like my closet is not different from yours or yours or yours .
Surely , I 'm going to give you a hundred reasons why coming out of my closet was harder to get out of their own , but this is the thing : hard is not relative .
The hard thing is hard .
Who can tell me to explain to somebody who have golf themselves on a broken bank is harder than telling him it 's been fooled ?
Who can tell me that this story is harder than telling your five year-old son that you 're going to get divorced ?
There 's no more difficult thing , it 's just hard .
We need to stop that what 's hard to us with respect to what 's hard to do for another person to make us feel better or worse in relation to our closet , and we must only feel empathy because we all live something hard .
At some point in our lives , we all live in cabinet , and they may make security , or at least more security than the other side of the door offers .
But I 'm here to tell you that no matter what your walls are made , a closet is not a place to live .
Thank you . Imagine 20 years ago .
I , who had a horse tail , a dress and shoe shoes .
I was n't militant militant ready to fight any child from four years to go into coffee .
I was frozen frozen in a corner of my dark closet , and I was holding my gay grenade off my gay grenade , and the moving one muscle is the hardest thing I ever ever done .
My family , my friends , full of strangers that I 've spent my entire life trying to not be disappointed , and now the world turned around by purpose .
He was burning the pages of a script that we 've all been followed by so long , but if you do n't toss that grenade , kill you .
One of my <unk> drinks was on my sister 's wedding .
It was the first time a lot of guests among guests knew that they were gay , and when I do my <unk> , black dress and heels .
And after I speak a moment , one of the women shouted , `` I love Nathan Lane ! ''
And the battle of the gay story had started .
`` <unk> , have you ever been in this Castro ? ''
`` Well , yeah , the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco . ''
`` Well , we 've never gone there , but we 've heard that it 's fabulous . ''
`` <unk> , meet my <unk> Antonio ?
It 's very good , and it 's never talked about having girlfriend . ''
`` <unk> , what is your favorite TV show ?
Will our favorite program ? Will and Grace ?
And do you know who we love ? Jack .
Jack is our favorite . ''
And then a woman , puzzling it , but I 'm expecting to make her support desperately , to get me to know that I was on my side , finally he said to me , `` Well , sometimes my husband 's wearing pink shirts . ''
And I had an opportunity at that time , like the whole pair of grenades .
Surely , it might have been easy to indicate where you felt like <unk> .
It 's not very difficult to find them and realize the fact that they were <unk> .
And what else can you ask for someone , but strive ?
If you 're going to be authentic with someone , you have to be prepared for the authentic thing you get .
That 's how hard conversations are still not my strong point .
Ask anybody that I have left .
But I 'm getting better , and I carry on what I like to call the three principles of <unk> .
Now , please look at this through the gay perspective , but understand that what it means to come out of any closet is essentially the same thing .
Number one : Be authentic .
Walk armor . Be yourselves .
That girl in the coffee had no armor , but I was ready for the battle .
If you want somebody to be genuine , others have to know that we also suffer .
Number two : Be direct . Let 's just roll it out . Put your patches .
If you know they 're gay , you know .
If they say to their parents that maybe they might be gay , they will maintain the hope that that could change .
They do n't give them a sense of hope .
And number three , and most important -- let 's leave the complex .
You communicate their truth .
It would never be written by that .
And some of them can come out safely , and they 're going to argue by what they 've done , but I 'm never sorry for what they are .
And yeah , maybe some of you might feel disappointed , but that something in them , not in you .
Those are the expectations of them about what you are , but not your own .
That 's the story of them , but not of you .
The only story that matters is what you want to write .
So the next time you meet in a dark closet , you get a grenade , you have to know that we 've all been there before .
And they may feel very alone , but they 're not .
Thank you , Boulder . Enjoy the evening .
Intelligence , what is that ?
If we look at the story of how intelligence has seen , a productive example has been the famous quote of <unk> <unk> that `` The question of whether a machine might think is as interesting as the question of whether a submarine can swim . ''
When <unk> <unk> wrote this as a critique of the computer pioneers like Alan Turing .
And so a few years ago , I took a program to try to understand the underlying fundamental physical mechanisms of intelligence .
Let 's take a step back .
We first start with a mental experiment .
Imagine that they 're an alien race , which you do n't know about the biology of the Earth nor the neuroscience of the Earth or the intelligence of the Earth , but they have incredible telescopes and you can see the Earth , and they have incredibly long lives , so you can look at Earth for millions , even billions of years .
And you see a very strange effect .
Of course , like Earthlings , we know that the reason is that we 're trying to save ourselves .
We 're trying to avoid an impact .
But if you 're an alien race that does n't know anything about this , which does n't have any concept on Earth 's intelligence , you would see it forced to develop a physical theory that would explain how , to a certain moment in time , the asteroids that <unk> the surface of an mysteriously planet .
And so I claim that this is the same question to understand the physical nature of intelligence .
So in this program that I carried out several years ago , I studied a variety of issues through science , through various disciplines , that picking up , I think , to a single underlying mechanism of intelligence .
In cosmology , for example , there 's been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be accurately equipped for the development of intelligence , and in particular , for the development of universal states that we infer the diversity of possible .
Finally , in the planning planning , there 's been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the robots ' abilities to maximize the future freedom of action with the end of doing complex tasks .
And so , taking all these different topics and <unk> them together , asked , for several years : Is there a underlying mechanism for intelligence that we can extract from all of these different issues ?
Is there just an equation for intelligence ?
And I think the answer is . What you 're seeing is probably the nearest equivalent of one E = <unk> for the intelligence that I have seen .
So what you 're seeing here is an affirmation that intelligence is a force , F , which acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action .
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action , or to keep the options open , with a force , with the diversity of possible accessible future , yes , to an impending future and future time .
In short , intelligence does n't like to get caught .
intelligence is trying to maximize the future freedom of action and keep the choices open .
And so , having to notice this equation , it 's natural to ask : What can you do with this ?
How predictive is it ?
Does the level of human intelligence ?
Do we have artificial intelligence ?
So I 'm going to show you now a video that I think , showing some of the amazing applications of this simple equation .
Narrator : <unk> research in cosmology have suggested that universes that make more disorder , or `` entropy , '' in their life , should have a tendency to the more favorable condition for the existence of intelligent beings like us .
But what if that cosmological <unk> <unk> between entropy and intelligence is a deeper relationship ?
What if intelligent behavior is not only correlated with the production of entropy in the long term , but actually comes straight from it ?
To find out , we 've developed a software engine called <unk> , designed to maximize the production of entropy in any longer term in whatever system it is found inside .
Amazingly , <unk> could spend multiple animal intelligence testing , game games of humans , and even to make money by trading actions , all of it without that they would be able to do that .
Here are some examples of <unk> in action .
Like a human standing without falling over , here we see automatically balancing a pole using a cart .
This behavior is remarkable partly because we never gave them a goal .
He just decided for her to balance the pole .
This ability of balance applications for humanoid robotics and human assistance technologies .
This ability for tools will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture .
Also , just like some other animals can cooperate by pulling opposites from a rope at the same time to liberate the food , here we see that <unk> can make a version of the model of that task .
This capacity for cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and in a variety of other fields .
<unk> is widely applicable to a variety of domains .
So , for example , here we see successfully playing a game game game against itself , providing your potential for play .
Here we 're going to <unk> new connections into a social network where your friends are constantly constantly and keeps successful the network well connected .
This same <unk> capacity also has applications in health care , in energy and intelligence .
So here we 're looking at organizing the routes of a fleet of boats , discovering successfully and using the Panama Canal to expand its reach from the Atlantic to the Pacific .
In the same way , <unk> is widely applicable to problems in defense with autonomously , logistics and transportation .
Finally , here we see spontaneously discovering and run a <unk> strategy , <unk> in a simulated set of stocks , successfully increasing assets under management exponentially .
This ability management ability will have vast applications in finance and safe .
Alex <unk> : What you 've seen is that a variety of brands of intelligent human behaviors such as using tools , walking upright and social cooperation , all derive from one single equation , which leads to a system to maximize its future freedom of action .
Now , here 's a deep irony here .
So back at the beginning of the term of the term robot , the play `` <unk> '' -- there 's always the concept that if you look smart machines , there would be a cyber rebellion .
The machines get up against us .
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades , we 've had the whole concept of cyber rebellion to reverse .
It 's not that the machines first become intelligent and then <unk> and trying to take over the world .
It 's all the opposite , that the momentum of taking the control of all possible future is a most fundamental principle than the intelligence of intelligence , that general intelligence can actually arise from taking control , rather than being backwards .
Another important implication is the search for objective .
I 'm often asked , `` How do you look for goals , go away from this type of frame ? ''
My equivalent to that statement to go to the descendants to help them build artificial intelligences or to help them understand human intelligence to understand human intelligence , is the following : intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and prevent constraints in their own future .
Thank you very much .
We 're at a turning point in human history , something between the conquest of stars and losing the planet that we call home .
Although , in the last few years , we 've expanded our knowledge of how it fits the Earth into the context of the universe .
The Kepler mission of NASA has discovered thousands of possible planets orbiting other stars , which points to the Earth is only one between the billions of planets in our galaxy .
Kepler is a space telescope that measures light intensity from stars when planets go ahead of them , and they jam a little bit of that light that comes to us .
Data from Kepler shows the sizes of planets in addition to the distance there and their star star .
In conjunction , it helps us to understand whether these planets are small and rocky like the Earth planets in our solar system , and also the amount of light that receive from their suns .
Instead , this gives clues about whether these planets we found are habitable or not .
Unfortunately , while we 're finding this treasure of potentially habitable worlds , our own planet is <unk> under the weight of humanity .
2014 was the hottest record .
<unk> and sea ice that have been with us for us now for millennia now are disappearing now .
These environmental changes that we 've rapidly surpassed our ability to disrupt its course .
But I 'm not a scientific scientist , no astronomer .
But that I study the <unk> of the planet influenced by the stars , with the hope of finding places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet .
You might say I look for alien opportunities in the property sector .
Now , as a very interested in the search for life in the universe , I can tell you that the more we look for planets like the Earth , more enjoy our own planet .
Each of these new worlds invites a comparison between the newly discovered planet and planets that we know better : our solar system .
Take our neighbor , Mars .
Mars is small and <unk> , and even though it 's a little further from the sun , it can be considered a potentially livable world that is a mission like Kepler .
In fact , it 's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past , and in part , it 's why we study both to Mars .
Our <unk> like the `` Curiosity '' trace its surface is to find clues about the origins of life as we know it .
The satellites that orbit them , like the <unk> mission , take samples from the atmosphere of Mars , and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose its grandfather .
The private companies now offer not only short space flights , but also the possibility of living on Mars .
But even though all of these images , they remind us to the deserts of our planet , places that are linked in our imagination with the ideas that are <unk> and <unk> , compared to Earth , Mars is a rather awful place to live .
Let 's take the extension of the <unk> areas of our planet that we still colonize , actually , actually , in comparison with Mars .
Even in the healthiest and driest places of the Earth is fresh and full of oxygen , it 's <unk> by our rainforests to thousands of miles away .
I 'm worried that this excitement by the colonization of Mars and other planets can get a big and sad shadow : the implication and the belief of some of us that Mars would expect to save us in the only planet , that we know that it 's truly livable , the Earth .
So , I 'm so much like exploration exploration , I 'm profoundly disagreement with this idea .
There 's a lot of good reasons to go to Mars , but to say that Mars will be there to protect humanity is like imagine the captain of the Titanic , we 're going to say , the party I 'm going to have a place later on the entire <unk> . Thank you .
But the goals for exploration is <unk> and Earth 's preservation are not <unk> .
No , they 're actually faces of the same currency : the goal of understanding , preserve and enhance life in the future .
The extreme environments present in our world look like aliens aliens .
They 're only close to home .
If we can understand how to create and maintain these habitable spaces , in hostile areas of the ground , maybe we can meet the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that .
I leave you with a mental experiment : the paradox of Fermi .
Many years ago , Enrico Fermi physicist Fermi asked , considering our universe has been around for a long time , and we hope there were many planets in this universe , we should have found evidence of the existence of extraterrestrial life until now .
Well , where are they ?
Well , one possible solution to the Fermi paradox is that when civilizations are becoming advanced advanced enough to consider to continue to live between the stars , they lose the notion of how important the origin of the planets are going to make .
It 's arrogant to think that just the colonization of the colonization of ourselves , but planetary preservation and exploration can be working together .
If we really believe in our ability to bend the hostile environments on Mars for human presence , then we should be able to overcome the task even easier to preserve the <unk> on Earth .
Thank you .
A few years ago , I 'll make my own home .
And while I was on the front porch looking in my pockets , I realized I did n't have the keys .
In fact , I could see the window that were at the dining table , where I had left them .
So quickly , I tried to open up all the other door and windows , and they were all fine closed .
I thought I 'd call a <unk> , at least I had my cell phone , but at midnight , a <unk> could take a long time to get to it , and he was cold .
I could n't go back home from my friend 's friend to spend night , because I had an early flight in Europe to the next morning , and my suitcase came out .
<unk> expensive , but I 'm sure not more expensive than a <unk> at a half night , so I thought , despite the circumstances , I was standing right .
I 'm a career neuroscientist , and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress .
It dissolve cortisol that increases your heart rate , which is pushing the levels of adrenaline and <unk> thinking .
And when I got to the <unk> counter in the airport , I realized I did n't have my passport .
Well , I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleeping .
And I began to wonder , if there was something that I could do , and systems that I could put in place , that you can avoid bad things .
Or , at least , if bad things happen , that we 'll give you the likelihood that it is a total catastrophe .
So I started thinking about that , but until a month later , my thoughts were n't going to do .
I was having dinner with my colleague , Danny <unk> , winning the Nobel Prize , and a little embarrassed , I talked to him that I broke the window , and I had forgotten my passport , and Danny shared with me that I 'd been practicing something called retrospect <unk> .
It 's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Klein , who had written this a few years before , known as the <unk> .
Everybody knows what <unk> is .
Whenever there 's a disaster , a team of experts come and tries to figure out what went wrong , yeah ?
In the <unk> , as Danny explains Danny , you look forward and tries to figure out all the things that might go wrong , then try to figure out what can we do to prevent things happen or to minimize the damage .
So what I want to talk about with you is some of the things that we can do in a <unk> .
Some of them are evident , some of them are obviously not so evident .
I 'm going to start with the obvious .
Back in the house , we 'd run a place for things that are easily lost .
This sounds of common sense and it is , but there 's a lot of science that supports this thesis , based on how our space memory works .
There 's a structure in the brain called hippocampus , which has evolved over thousands of years , to track the location of important things , where the good , where the fish are , places the <unk> trees , where tribes are , where tribes live and enemies .
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that was <unk> in the London drivers .
It 's the part of the brain that allows squirrels to find their nuts .
And if somebody really did the experiment , they cut the sense of <unk> from squirrels , and they still could find their nuts .
They were not using smell , but the hippocampus , that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things .
But it 's really good for things that do n't move much , not so good for things that move much .
This is the reason to lose keys from the car , reading and passports .
So at home , I would take a place for the keys , a hook next to the door , maybe a decorative plate .
For their passport , a particular drawer .
For your reading reading , a particular table .
If you 're going to take a place , and they 're <unk> with it , your things will always be there when you look for them .
What about travel ?
Take the cell phone a picture of your credit card , a driver 's license , your passport , <unk> them by mail themselves to be in the cloud .
If these things are lost or steal them , this can facilitate substitution .
These are some of the most obvious things .
Remember , when you 're under stress , your brain releases cortisol .
<unk> is toxic and <unk> thinking .
So part of the hands-on practice is to recognize that under stress we wo n't be at the best time , and you have to put the systems on their site .
And there 's perhaps no more stressful situation that when you face a medical decision .
And at some point , we 'll all be in that situation , of having to make a very important decision about the future of our medical care or a dear to help them with a decision .
And so I want to talk about that .
And talking about a very particular medical condition .
But this was <unk> as a <unk> for all of medical decisions , and in fact for the decision-making of financial decisions and social decisions , any kind of decision that we need to take from which would benefit from an rational assessment of facts .
So suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says , `` I 've gotten the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little high . ''
You all know that high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease , attack the heart , stroke .
So you 're thinking that having high cholesterol is not the best , then your doctor says , `` I 'd like to give you a drug that will help you reduce your cholesterol , a <unk> . ''
And maybe you 've heard of the <unk> , and you know that it 's one of the most prescribed drugs in the world today . You 're even likely to know people who take them .
So you think , `` Yes , let 's get the <unk> ! ''
But there 's a question that you should do then , a statistic that you should ask for the most doctors do n't want to talk about , and pharmaceutical companies even less .
It 's for the <unk> , the number you need to treat .
And what is this , the <unk> ?
It 's the number of people who have to take a drug or submit to surgery in any medical procedure before you help a person .
And should you think about what kind of statistical statistic is that ?
The number must be one .
My doctor would n't tell me something if I was n't going to help me .
But actually , medical practice does n't work like this .
And it 's not the fault of the doctor , and if it 's somebody 's fault , it 's scientists like me .
We have n't understood the underlying mechanisms .
But estimates of <unk> that 90 percent of drugs work only about 30 to 50 percent of the people .
So the number that we need to treat is more widely solved , what do you think is ?
How many people have to take it before they help a person ?
300 .
This according to the research of the researchers will cynics be able to von <unk> and Pamela <unk> , <unk> <unk> .
I myself explore the numbers .
300 people have to take the drug for a year before avoiding a single heart attack , stroke or another adverse event .
Now maybe you think , `` Well , one probability in 300 of my score .
Why not , doctor ? <unk> the recipe anyway . ''
But then you should ask for a statistic more , and it 's , `` <unk> of the side effects . '' Right ?
For this particular drug , the side effects are produced by five percent of patients .
And those include terrible things : debilitating pain pain and articulate , superhydrophobic pain , but now they think , `` Five percent is not very likely to happen to me , still for medicine . ''
But a moment .
Now remember , under stress , you do n't think clearly .
So think about how you do this over time , so you do n't have to manufacture the chain of reasoning in the act .
300 people take the drug , right ? A person has helped him , five percent of the 300 have secondary effects , that 's 15 people .
You have 15 times more likely to get harmed by the drug that helps you help your drug .
I 'm not saying they should or not take the <unk> .
I just say that you have to have this conversation with your doctor .
The medical ethic is it , it 's part of the principle of informed consent .
We have to have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take risks or not .
You may be thinking that I 've launched this number in the air value of the crash , but actually this number that we need to treat is quite typical .
For the surgery that most of the most is done in the older men in 50 , prostate cancer cancer , the number you need to treat is 49 .
This is , 49 surgeries for one person who has helped .
And the side effects , in that case , are produced by 50 percent of patients .
Those include impotence or erectile dysfunction , urinary incontinence , whirling probes , fecal incontinence .
And if you 're lucky , and it 's one of that 50 percent of the effects only a year or two .
So the idea of <unk> is to think before the questions that you can make is that you can make the conversation forward .
You do n't have to make all this in the act .
And they also want to think about the quality of life .
Because you have a choice many times , do you want a shorter life of pain , or a longer life that could have a lot of pain towards the end ?
These are the things that they talk about and think about now , with their family and their loved ones .
They can change your opinion in the heat of the moment , but at least you 're trained in this kind of thought .
Remember , our brain releases cortisol under stress , and one of the things that happens at that time is that they turn out a lot of systems .
There 's an evolutionary reason for this .
Face 2 Face with a predator , you do n't need to have the digestive system , or the libido or the immune system , because if the body is spending metabolism on those things , it does n't react very quickly . You might be the lunch of lions , so none of that matter .
Unfortunately , one of the things that goes through the window during those moments of stress is the rational logical thinking , like Danny <unk> and your colleagues have shown .
So we have to train it to think about the future to these kinds of situations .
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we 're all failing .
We 're all going to fail every time .
The idea is to think about the future , how they could be those failures , to put the systems into the place that will help minimize the harm , or to prevent the bad things happen in the first place .
I slept in the night of snow in Montreal , when I went back from my journey , my contractor and I settled on a combination of combination next to the door , with a key to the front door , an easy way to remember it .
And I have to admit that I still have lots of letters I did n't ordered , and lots of email messages I have n't read .
So I 'm not very organized , but I see the organization as a gradual process , and I 'm doing it .
Thank you very much .
Interpreter : <unk> , `` <unk> '' is my favorite singing symbol .
It means playing gently .
If you 're playing a musical instrument and you see a <unk> instrument , you see a <unk> .
Two , the <unk> , even though .
Four , <unk> , <unk> .
This is my drawing of a <unk> tree , and there you see that it does n't matter how many thousand and thousands of the <unk> may have , you 've never got a complete silence .
That 's my definition of silence : a very dark sound .
I 'd like to share a little bit about the history of the <unk> system , the <unk> , in addition to a little bit of my own story .
The language of French sign came over the 1800s , and over time , he mixed with local signs , and the language was developed that we know as <unk> .
So it has a story about 200 years .
I was born deaf . And I was taught to believe that sound was n't a part of my life .
And I believed that it was true .
But now I realize that it 's not true for anything .
Sound is a very important part of my life , really , in my mind every day .
As a person who lives in a world of sounds , it 's like I lived in a foreign country , monitoring blindly monitoring their rules , customs , behaviors and standards without <unk> .
So how do I understand sound ?
Well , I see how people behave and respond to sound .
People are like my speakers and amplify the sound .
And I learn that behavior .
At the same time , I 've learned that I can create sound , and I 've seen how people respond .
So I 've learned , for example ...
`` Do n't blow the door off ! ''
`` Do n't make a lot of noise to eat the bag of the potato chips ! ''
`` Not <unk> , and when you 're eating , make sure you do n't scratch the covered in the dish . ''
This is all called `` sound label . ''
Maybe I think of the sound label more than the average person does .
I 'm <unk> of the sounds .
And I 'm always waiting to make the sound , about the one which is coming next .
Hence this drawing .
<unk> , to decide .
<unk> it , keep going .
<unk> , by announce .
You can see that the <unk> has no notes on the lines .
That 's because the lines contain sounds across the subtle and blobs of them .
In the deaf culture , the movement is equivalent to sound .
This is the sign for `` <unk> '' in <unk> .
A typical <unk> has five lines .
However , to me , to make my thumb with my thumb that it does n't feel natural .
That 's why in my drawings , I only have four lines on paper .
In the year 2008 , I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin , Germany , for artistic residence there .
Before this time , I had worked like <unk> .
During this summer , I visited museums and different galleries , and while I was going from one place to another , I realized there was no visual art there .
At that moment , the sound was the trend and that really struck me .
There was no visual art , everything was hearing .
Now sound has entered my territory of art .
Am I going to rebuild me more about art ?
I realized that it does n't have to be that way .
In fact , I know the sound .
I know it so well that you do n't just go through your ears .
I can feel it shaped like it , or I can experience it visually , or even as an idea .
So I decided to reclaim the property of sound and <unk> in my artistic practice .
And everything I had taught me in terms of sound , I decided to leave it and get it out .
I started to create a new body of work .
And when I presented it to the artistic community , I was shocked with the amount of support and attention that I received .
I realized that sound is like money , power , control : social currency .
In the background of my mind , I always felt that the sound was alien , it was something of a listener .
And the sound is so powerful that I could fit me and my artistic work , or I could empower it .
I chose to make me <unk> .
There 's a mass culture around the language .
And only because I do n't use my literal voice to communicate , to the eyes of society is as if I did n't have a voice at all .
So I have to work with people who can support me equally and become my voice .
That way I 'm able to be relevant to the current society .
So in school , at work and institutions , work with many different performers .
And his voice becomes my voice and identity .
They help me be heard .
And their voices have value and weight .
Ironically , by asking <unk> his voices , I 'm able to maintain a temporary form of value , something like taking a loan with a very high interest rate .
If you would n't continue with this practice , I feel that I could help myself in oblivion and not have any kind of social value .
So with sound like my new artistic medium , it 's going to be <unk> in the world of music .
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and <unk> .
For example , a musical note ca n't capture and express fully on paper .
And the same can be said of a concept in <unk> .
The two are very spatial and highly <unk> , which means that subtle changes can affect everything that means both of the signals like the sounds .
I 'd like to share with you a metaphor for the piano , so you understand better how the <unk> works .
So , imagine a piano .
<unk> is divided into many different parameters .
If you assigned a different parameter for each finger as you touch the piano , like facial expression , the body movement , the speed of your body , the shape of your hand , and so while you touch the piano , English is a linear language , as if you 're going to be able to only be used by one key at the time .
However , the <unk> is more like a chord , you need the 10 fingers simultaneously to express a clear concept or an idea of <unk> .
If only a key would change the chord , it would create a completely different meaning .
The same thing happens with music in terms of pitch and timbre and volume .
In <unk> , using these different <unk> parameters , you can express different ideas .
For example , the `` <unk> '' sign .
This is the `` <unk> '' sign .
I 'm looking at you .
<unk> out .
Oh , I 'm going to kick me .
Um oh .
What are you looking at ?
Oh , just !
So I started thinking , and if I look at <unk> through the music lens ?
If I had to create a sign , and you 'll take it over and over again , it could be like a piece of visual music .
For example , this is the `` day '' sign , the sun comes out and gets .
This is all the day .
If you put it up and slow down the speed , visually looks like a piece of music .
All day .
I feel that the same can be said from all night .
All night . ''
This is all night , in this drawing .
And this led me to think about three different kinds of nights : `` Last night , '' `` overnight . ''
I feel that the third one has more <unk> than the other two .
This represents what the time is expressed in <unk> and how distance your body can express changes in time .
For example , one <unk> . It 's a hand , two <unk> . It 's two hands , the present becomes closer and in front of the body , the future is in front of the body and the past is on the back .
So , the first example is `` long ago . ''
Then , `` past . '' `` Last '' and the last one , which is my favorite , with a very romantic , dramatic idea at once , `` Once again . ''
`` Time Time '' is a musical term with a specific pace of four times by compass .
However , when I see the word `` Well , '' I think automatically in `` at the same time . ''
Watch <unk> : right hand , E : hand left .
We have <unk> through the head and the chest .
( Face : <unk> , a flashlight .
Can you do it with me ?
Everybody with the top .
Now we 're going to do so much in my head as your chest , something like `` common time '' or `` at the same time . ''
Yeah , well .
That means `` fall in love '' in the international system .
The international system , as a note , is a visual tool to help us communicate in all cultures and the signs of signs across the world .
The second one I 'd like to show you is this . Please do it with me again .
And now this .
It means `` colonization '' in <unk> .
Now , the third one . Please follow me back .
And again .
It 's `` enlightenment '' in <unk> .
We 're going to do the three together .
`` <unk> , '' `` colonization '' and `` enlightenment . ''
Good job .
You see how the three signs are very similar . They all occur in your head and your chest , but convey very different meanings .
It 's amazing to see how the <unk> is alive and thriving , like the music .
Yet today , we live in a very <unk> world .
And just because the <unk> has no sounds , automatically does n't have social value .
We have to start questioning what defines the social value and allow the <unk> to develop their own value , without sounds .
And this might be a step to make a more inclusive society .
And maybe people understand that you do n't have to be deaf to learn <unk> . And you do n't have to hear for learning music .
<unk> is a treasure treasure , and I 'd like you to have the same experience .
I 'd like to invite you to open your ears , open your eyes , to participate in our culture and experience our visual language .
And you never know , you can even fall in love with us .
Thank you .
<unk> <unk> : Hey , that 's me .
As a kid , my parents were saying to me , `` You can throw it all out , but then you have to clean it . ''
Freedom is responsibility .
But my imagination led me to all these wonderful places , where everything was possible .
So I grew up in an innocence bubble or a bubble of ignorance , I must say , because adults would lie to us to protect us from the horrible truth .
By getting older , I found out that the adults also <unk> and that they 're not very good at cleaning each other 's others .
The time I happened , now I 'm an adult and I show citizen and invention in Hong Kong in Hong Kong .
You do n't have to wait a lot for my students to walk through the beach , with lots of garbage .
So as a good citizen , we cleaned up the beaches , and no , they 're not drinking alcohol , and if he 's , I did n't give it .
It 's sad to say , but now more than 80 percent of the ocean contain plastic .
It 's kind of creepy .
And in the last few decades , we 've been coming out with these large ships and networks , and we 've been collecting those bits of plastic to study them under the microscope , and we classify them and put them on this information on a map .
But hard for eternity , and it 's very expensive , and it 's also very risky to use those huge boats .
So along with my students , with six to 15 years , we dream about inventing a better way .
We 've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop .
We started building this task table with <unk> <unk> so that the kids very often can participate .
And I 'll tell you , kids who manipulate electrical tools feel great and secure .
Not exactly .
Let 's go back to plastic .
We collect plastic and reduce it to the size we find in the ocean , which is very small , because of its fragmentation .
That 's what we do .
I 'll leave you to the imagination of my students .
My job is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to figure out something that we hope to work .
We decided instead of collecting pieces of plastic , just information .
By using a robot , we take a picture of this plastic -- kids get very excited with robots .
Then we quickly created what we call `` a prototype . ''
We 're so quick in the creation of prototypes that we end up before lunch .
And we turned light bulbs and web cameras , and we assemble it into a floating robot that will move slowly through the water and the plastic we have there , and this is the picture captured by the robot .
We see the bits of plastic floating through the sensor while the computer on board , and we can process this image and measure the size of each particle , to get a measure of the amount of plastic in the water .
And so we had this step-by-step invention on a website for inventors called `` <unk> , '' with the hope that someone will get better .
The cool thing about this project is that students saw a local problem , and boom , they 're trying to figure out how to immediately do it .
I can investigate my local problem , but my students in Hong Kong are very well informed .
You see the news , you get to do the Internet , and you 're going to get into this image .
A child , maybe less than 10 years , cleaning an oil spill , just using hands , in <unk> , the largest mangrove forest in Bangladesh .
They were very surprised because this is the water you drink , it 's the water in which they bathe , the water where they fish , the place where they live .
You can see also that the water is brown , the mud and the oil is also brown , and when everything mixes , it 's very difficult to see what 's in the water .
But there 's a simple technology called <unk> , which allows you to see what 's in the water .
So we built a first prototype of a spectrometer that can burning through all kinds of substances that produce different spectra , which can help to identify what 's in the water .
So we 're going to take this prototype with a sensor and we sent him to Bangladesh .
The cool thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem , or to look at a local problem , my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help otherwise .
I can investigate a distance at a distance ] I was forced to do a second experiment , and I wanted to go a little bit further , maybe to tackle a harder problem , and also closer to me .
I 'm half Japanese and French and probably remember , that in 2011 , there was a devastating earthquake in Japan .
It was so violent that we had several giant waves , so-called tsunamis , and those tsunamis destroy several cities on the east coast of Japan .
Over 14,000 people died in a moment .
It also gives the nuclear power plant from Fukushima , a nuclear station nearby to water .
And today , according to the reports one 300 tons are still leaking from the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean .
Today , the entire Pacific Ocean has traces traces of pollution .
If we go to the west coast , we can measure the radiation of Fukushima everywhere .
But if you look at the map , it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast , and most of them , of course , is very sure , is blue .
Well , reality is a little bit more complicated than that .
I 've returned to Fukushima every year from the accident , and I collaborate independently with other scientists , the land , the river , and this time we wanted to take the kids .
Of course we did n't take them , the parents were n't allowed .
But every night we reported in the center of control -- here you see the use of different masks .
It might seem like they did n't take the job seriously , but they did because they 're going to have to live with the whole of their life .
Together with them , we talked about the data that we were talking about , and we talked about what we were going to do later , the strategies , the sort of <unk> and so on .
And to do this , we created a map of <unk> from the region around the nuclear power plant .
We created the map of elevation , we introduced pigments to represent real-time data from radioactivity , and rivers water to simulate the rain .
So with this , we could notice that radioactive powder was filtering from the top of the mountain into the <unk> system and <unk> in the ocean .
It was a rough estimate .
But based on this we organized a civil expedition , the closest to nuclear power to date .
We zoom in to a mile of nuclear power , and with the aid of fishermen in the area , we were collecting sediments from the sea floor with a tracking tracking tracking that we invented and build .
Here we see a progression : we 've gone from a local problem to a remote problem , to a global problem .
And it 's been very exciting to work on these different scales , also with open source technologies , and very simple technologies .
But at the same time , it 's been getting more frustrating because we 've only been starting to measure the damage we 've done .
We have n't even started trying to solve problems .
I wonder if we should take the leap and try to invent better ways of doing all these things .
So the classroom became both so small , we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong , and we turned it into the largest space dedicated to social and environmental impact .
It 's in the center of Hong Kong , and it 's a place where we can work with wood , metal , chemistry , a little bit of biology , of optics , basically , you can build almost everything in there .
It 's also a place where adults and kids can play together .
It 's a place where the dreams of kids can become reality with the help of adults , and where adults can be children again .
Students : acceleration ! <unk> !
<unk> <unk> : We asked questions like , can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy ?
For example .
Or can we help in the mobility of the elderly age transforming their standard wheels chairs in new electrical vehicles ?
Plastic , oil and <unk> are terrible <unk> , but the worst legacy we can leave our children is lies .
We ca n't afford to protect the kids of horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent the solutions .
So , scientists , creators , <unk> , we need to prepare the next generation to worry about the environment and people , and so that it really can do something about it .
Thank you .
Two twin domes , two radically opposing design .
One is made of thousands of steel pieces , the other one silk thread .
One of them is synthetic , the other organic .
One is over the environment , the other thing creates it .
One is designed by nature , the other for her .
Michelangelo said that when he looked at the raw marble , he saw a figure that fights for being free .
<unk> was only a tool of Michelangelo .
But living things are not <unk> .
They grow .
And in the smallest units of life , the cells , we carry all the information required for each cell to work and to replicate .
The tools also have consequences .
At least from the Industrial Revolution , the world of design has been dominated by combining manufacturing and mass production .
And the assembly lines have dictated a world made out of parts , <unk> the imagination of designers and trained architects to think of their objects as <unk> in discrete parts with different functions .
But you do n't find <unk> material in nature .
Think of the human skin , for example .
Our facial skins are thin with <unk> pores .
The skins of the back are thicker with small pores .
You 're all acting mainly as the filter , the other mainly as a barrier , and yet it 's the same skin : there 's no parts , there 's no place .
It 's a system that 's gradually its functionality through coordination variation .
Here 's a split screen that represents my view of the divided world , twice as a designer 's personality , and the architect at work now between the <unk> and the gene , between the machine and the organism , between the assembly and the organism , between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin .
These two visions of the world , my left hemisphere and the right , analysis and synthesis , shows in the two screens after me .
My work , at the simplest level , is trying to bring these two visions of the world , moving away from assembly and approaching growth .
You 're probably wondering : Why is now ?
Why was n't it possible this about 10 or even five years ago ?
We live in a very special moment in history , a weird moment , where they have four disciplines that offers designers access to the tools we never had access to before .
And at the intersection of these four fields , my team and I created .
Please know the minds and my hands of my students .
We designed objects , products , structures and tools through scales , large scale , like this robotic arm with a 24 feet in diameter with a <unk> basis that someday not very far from printing whole buildings , and graphics to the nanoscale made of genetically engineered microorganisms .
So here we have <unk> the know-how , an archetype of the ancient Arab architecture , and it has created a screen where every opening is the unique size to shape the shape of light and heat through it .
In our next project , we explore the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt , and this was for a fashion parade of Paris with <unk> go <unk> . It 's like a second skin made of one piece , <unk> in the contours , flexible around the waist .
Together with a collaborator of 3D printing collaborator , we printed this layer and 3D skirt without seams between cells , and I 'll show you more objects like that .
This helmet combines rigid and soft materials on the resolution of 20 microns .
This is the resolution of a human hair .
It 's also the resolution of a scanner scanner .
That designers have access to this high-resolution analytical and the synthetic instruments , allows us to design products that are not just the shape of our bodies , but also the physiological structure of our tissues .
We 've also designed an acoustic chair , a chair simultaneously , comfortable , and also absorbs sound .
The Carter professor , my collaborator , went back to nature to inspire , and by designing this <unk> pattern , becomes <unk> .
We 're going to share this surface of 44 properties of different properties , which vary in stiffness , <unk> and color , <unk> the pressure points in the human body .
Its surface , like in nature , is based on the addition of another material or another assembly , but continuously <unk> and delicately the material property .
But is the ideal nature ?
There 's no parts in nature ?
I was not raised in a religious Jewish home , but when I was young , my grandmother told me stories of the Hebrew Bible , and one of them came to me and came to define a lot of what I care about .
As she says , `` In the third day of the Creation , God sends the Earth to grow a net <unk> tree . ''
For that first <unk> tree , there would be no difference between trunk and branches , leaves and fruits .
The whole tree was a fruit .
Instead , the land made to grow trees with branches , cortex , fruit and flowers .
The earth created a world made of parts .
I often ask myself , `` What would be design if the objects were made out of one piece ?
Do you get a better state of creation ? ''
So we 're looking for the biblical material , the kind of material of the tree , with fruit , and we found it .
The second most abundant <unk> on the planet is called <unk> , and about 100 million tons is produced by organisms like shrimp , crabs , scorpions and butterflies .
And we thought that if we can tune your properties , we could generate unintended structures in one piece .
So that 's what we did .
We call it `` <unk> '' -- we asked a lot of shrimp husks , the <unk> and produced <unk> paste .
<unk> the chemical concentrations , we 've been able to achieve a wide range of properties , from dark , hard and opaque , to light , soft and transparent .
To print the structures at a large scale , it 's built a system with multiple images of <unk> <unk> .
The robot could change the properties of the material on the march and create these structures made from one single , three feet long , 100 percent recyclable .
When the pieces are ready , it leaves them dry to find a natural way in touch with the air .
So why do we keep designing with plastic ?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process were used by the contain microorganisms , which appeared for the first time on the planet three billion years ago , as we heard yesterday .
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT , we would see the genetically engineered bacteria to capture rapidly carbon from the atmosphere and turn it into sugar .
For the first time , we 've been able to generate structures that make their transition out of <unk> <unk> , and if it grows even more , window .
It 's a <unk> tree .
Working with an ancient material , one of the first forms of life on the planet , with abundant water and with a little bit of synthetic biology , we 've transformed a structure that 's made out of shrimp husks in an architecture that acts as a tree .
And here 's the best part : for objects that are designed to biodegrade , put in the sea , <unk> marine life ; they put it on the ground , they will grow a tree .
The thread for our next exploration using the same design principles was the solar system .
We 're looking for a chance to create clothes to keep the life for <unk> trips .
To do that , we must master the bacteria and control their flow .
So as the periodic table , we made our own table of elements : new forms of life created Muslims , man-made form and biological form .
I like to think of synthetic biology as the liquid alchemy , only that instead of <unk> beautiful metals , new biological functionalities are being formed inside very small channels .
This field is called microfluidics .
We 're making our own 3D channels to control the flow of these bacterial bacterial crops .
In our first piece of clothing , we combined two microorganisms .
The first is <unk> .
It lives in our oceans and the freshwater ponds .
And the second , E. coli , the bacteria that inhabit in the human gut .
It turns the light into sugar , the other consumes sugar and produces useful biofuels for the built environment .
But these two microorganisms do n't interact in nature .
In fact , they never met .
They 're here , designed for the first time , to have a relationship in a piece of clothing .
Think of it as evolution , not by natural selection , but evolution by design .
In order to contain these relationships , we 've created a single channel that resembles the digestive tract , that will help that you flow all of these bacteria and that they 're going to handle their function of the way .
So we started growing those channels in the human body , <unk> the properties of the material that we desired .
If we wanted more photosynthesis , they 're getting more transparent channels .
This portable digestive system , when it stretch from one end to another , 60 feet .
This is half the length of a football field , and 10 times more than our small intestine .
And here it is , as we 're going to be at TED , our first portable photosynthetic channels , brilliant liquid channels with life in the clothes .
Thank you .
Mary Shelley said , `` We 're high-tech creatures , only half is made . ''
What if design would provide the other half ?
What if we could create structures that increase living matter ?
What if we could create personal <unk> that we 're going to make our skin , and we would have broken tissue and capture our bodies ?
Think of this as a form of edit biology .
I call this the material ecology .
That 's always going back to nature .
So now , you know , a 3D printer is printed in layers .
You also know that nature does n't do it .
It 's growing . <unk> with sophistication .
So this cocoon of worm , for example , creates a highly sophisticated architecture , a home within which they 're being completed .
<unk> does n't get closer to this level of sophistication .
It does it by combining two materials , but two proteins in different concentrations .
One acts as a structure , the other is the glue or the matrix , putting those fibers together .
And this is happening through scales .
The silk worm first goes on in the environment , creates a structure of tension , and then it starts getting out a cocoon of compression .
The tension and compression , the two forces of life , they manifest themselves in a single material .
In order to understand better how this complex process works , we attach a small magnet to the head of a silk worm , to line .
We put it into a box with magnetic sensors , and that allowed us to create this cloud of dots in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the cocoon of silk worm .
However , when you put the silk worm into a flat patch , not within a box , we realized that it was a cocoon and still <unk> <unk> .
So we started designing different environments , different scaffolding , and we 've discovered that the shape , the composition , the structure of the cocoon , was transmitted directly by the environment .
You often get the silk worms to death within their cocoons , their silk gets rid of , and it 's used in the textile industry .
We found that designing these templates , we could shape raw silk without boiling a single cocoon .
They 're <unk> <unk> , and we could create these things .
So we got this process up to the architectural scale .
We had a robot <unk> making silk templates , and we had to put ourselves on our site .
We knew that <unk> silk worms are going to look at the darker and cold and cold and cold and cool areas , so we use the distribution diagram of light and heat into our structure .
So we created holes or <unk> , to block the rays of light and the heat , is increasing the silk worms on the structure .
We were ready to receive the caterpillars .
<unk> silk worms to an online silk farm .
And after we 'll feed them four weeks , they were prepared to get up with us .
We put them carefully on the bottom of the scaffolding , and as we <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , put eggs , and life starts again , like we , but a lot shorter .
Buckminster Fuller said that the tension is the great integrity , and it was right .
By receiving biological silk on <unk> <unk> silk , they give all this pavilion their integrity .
And in a little bit more than two or three weeks , they 're getting 100,000 miles away .
In a curious symmetry , this is also the length of the silk route .
Now moths , after the <unk> , produce 1.5 million eggs .
This could be used for 250 additional pavilions in the future .
So here are the two visions of the world .
A <unk> silk through a robotic arm , the other box full empty .
If the last frontier of design is to bring life to products and buildings around us , to form an ecology of two materials , the designers must bring these two visions of the world .
Which brings us back , of course , at the beginning .
Here 's a new era of design , a new era of creation , which brings us from a design inspired by nature to a large inspired nature of us , for the first time , that we make ourselves charge of nature .
Thank you .
Thank you very much . Thank you .
Hands up if you 've ever asked , `` What do you want to be older ? ''
If you had to remember what age they had when they asked them for the first time ?
You can <unk> with your fingers .
Three . Five . Five . Five . Five .
Now , raise your hand if you ask the question `` What do you want to be ? ''
It has caused them some kind of anxiety .
Any anxiety .
I 'm somebody who could never answer the question , `` What do you want to be older ? ''
The problem was n't that I had no interest , but he had too many .
In school , I liked the English , the <unk> and the art and making websites , and also , playing the guitar in a punk band called <unk> <unk> .
You may have heard of ourselves .
And in general , I like to try and persist anyway , having dedicated a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field .
But over time , this sense of boredom , this feeling of this , this is no longer a challenge , it comes to <unk> .
And I have to leave it .
But then I 'm going to tell me about something else , something completely different , and I 'm going to get me going on it , and I 'll let myself absorb and I 'm like , `` Yes ! I 've found my own , '' and then again this point where I start <unk> .
And finally , I want to leave it .
But then I 'd like to discover something new and different , and I 'd like to go into that .
This pattern made me a lot of anxiety , for two reasons .
The first was because I was n't sure how I was going to turn this whole thing into a career .
I thought I had to choose one thing , to deny all of my other passions , and let me go to <unk> .
Another reason I had so much anxiety got a little more personal .
I was worried that there was something wrong with this , and something wrong with me for nothing .
I was worried about being afraid of engagement , or being dispersed , or <unk> or my own success .
If you can relate to my story and these feelings , I 'd like you to ask you something that I 'd like to have raised me then .
Ask themselves , where they learned to allocate the meaning of bad or abnormal to do things .
I 'll tell you where they learned it : They learned about the culture .
So we ask ourselves first , `` What do you want to be more ? ''
It 's about five years old .
And the truth is that nobody cares about what they 're going to do .
It 's considered a naive question to make cute answers in kids like , `` being an astronaut , '' or `` be an astronaut , '' or `` I want to be pirate . ''
I 'm going to make the Halloween costume here .
So this question is given us over and over time , as you grow up in various ways , <unk> .
And at some point , `` What do you want to be older ? ''
It 's going to be the cute exercise of before you take away sleep .
Why ?
If this is inspired by kids to dream with what might be , it does n't inspire to dream with everything that might be .
In fact , it does just the opposite , because when someone asks you what you want to be , you ca n't answer with 20 different things , although well-intentioned adults might be laugh , and say , `` Oh , how nice , but you ca n't be artisan and a psychologist .
You have to choose . ''
This is Dr. Bob Childs , and he is artisan 's artisan and <unk> .
And so Amy Ng , a magazine editor turned in <unk> , entrepreneur , teacher and creative principal .
But most kids do n't hear about people like this .
Everything you hear is they 're going to have to choose .
But it 's more than that .
The notion of life is very idealized in our culture .
It 's this idea of fate , or the real calling , the idea that each of us has something to be doing for their time on this land , and you have to figure out what that thing is and to spend your life to it .
But what if you 're somebody who is not connected in this way ?
What if there are many different topics that wake up your curiosity and a lot of different things that you want to do ?
There 's no place for somebody like one in that frame .
And so you can feel only .
You can feel that you do n't have a goal .
And feeling there 's something wrong with you .
There 's nothing wrong with you .
You 're a <unk> .
A <unk> is someone with many interests and creative activities .
It 's a breath for that .
It could help if you split in three parts : multiple and potential and <unk> .
You can also use other terms that we 're going to do with the same idea , as scholar , <unk> .
And during the time of the Renaissance , the ideal was who was okay by the Renaissance in multiple disciplines .
Barbara <unk> refers to us as `` scanners . ''
You 're going to make any term you like , or your own one .
It seems like a kind of adapt to a community , we can not agree with one identity .
It 's easy to see <unk> as limitation or woe that you must have beat .
But what I 've learned about talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website , is that there are huge strengths when it 's going to be this way .
Here are three superpowers .
One : <unk> synthesis .
That is , the combination of two or more fields and creating something new at the intersection .
<unk> <unk> and Rachel <unk> expressed his shared interests in cartography , visualization , travel , math and design , and I found <unk> .
<unk> is a company that creates geographically inspired jewelry .
By <unk> , and Rachel came up with this idea , this unique idea of the skills of skills and experiences .
Innovation happens at intersections .
Hence the new ideas come out .
And the <unk> , with all their background , can access a lot of these points at intersection .
The second superpower <unk> is fast learning .
When we <unk> ourselves , we 're going to do that .
We look at everything we can have in our hands .
We 're used to being beginners , by having been many times in the past , and this means that we have less fear of testing new things and out of our comfort zones .
Many skills are attributed to other disciplines , and we bring everything that we 've learned to every new zone that we pursue , so we rarely start from scratch .
<unk> <unk> is a complete <unk> and writer .
As a young pianist refined an incredible capacity to develop muscle memory .
Now , she 's the fastest known time .
Before becoming a writer , <unk> was a financial planner .
He had to learn the finest mechanics as they were starting their practice , and this ability helps him write compelling shows for the editors .
It rarely is a waste of time to get to what you 're attracted to , even if the end leaves the end .
It 's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field , in a way that you could n't have foreseen .
The third superpower <unk> is adaptability . It is the ability to transform anything that you need in a given situation .
Abe <unk> is sometimes director of videos , other , <unk> websites , sometimes a Kickstarter consultant , sometimes a teacher , and sometimes apparently , James Bond .
It 's valuable because it does a good job .
He 's even more valuable because he can take different roles , depending on the needs of their clients .
The magazine magazine Company defines adaptability as the most important ability for development , to thrive in the 21st century .
The economic world changes so rapidly and <unk> that are individuals and organizations that can be able to meet the needs of the market , which we really thrive .
Now , they 're going to come up with ideas , fast learning and adaptability : three skills where the <unk> are very adept , and three skills that you might lose if they 're stressed out to reduce their goals .
As a society , we have a great interest in encouraging the ones to be themselves .
We have complex problems , multidimensional right now , and we need creative thinkers to address them .
Let 's say they are , in your heart , specialists .
They come out of the belly knowing knowing because they wanted to be pediatric neurosurgeons .
Do n't worry , there 's nothing wrong with you .
In fact , some of the best teams are made up of a specialist and a <unk> <unk> .
The specialist can dive deep and put together ideas , and <unk> offers a breadth of knowledge to the project .
It 's a beautiful relationship .
But we should all design lives and careers that we 're connected to how we 're connected .
And unfortunately , at the very top of them , it 's often encouraging them to be more like their specialized partners .
Once I said this , if there 's one thing that you take from this talk , I hope it 's this : <unk> with the internal wiring , whatever it is .
If you 're a heart specialist , then you 're going to go through all the media .
That 's where you 're going to give the best .
But for the <unk> in the room , including those who just realized it was one of them in the last 12 minutes , I say , `` Tell them with their many passions . ''
Keep your curiosity by those rabbit <unk> .
Take the intersections out .
It brings us our inner wiring leads to a more authentic and happy life .
And perhaps most importantly , <unk> , the world needs .
Thank you .
In the year , a woman named <unk> took her to a psychiatric institution in <unk> .
<unk> <unk> and I could n't remember even the most basic details of his life .
Her doctor was called <unk> .
<unk> did n't know how to help me <unk> , but she was going to take it out until , unfortunately , in 1906 .
After his death , <unk> did a autopsy , and they found strange plates and he found this guy in the brain of <unk> , of a guy who had never seen before .
The even more amazing thing .
If I had been alive today , we could n't give it to her more help than ever that he was able to give him 19 years ago .
<unk> was Dr. <unk> Alzheimer 's .
And <unk> <unk> , the first patient to receive a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer 's disease .
Since 1901 , medicine has been very advanced .
You 've discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect us from infections , many treatments for cancer , so many treatments for HIV , <unk> for the <unk> and much more .
But recently , it 's moved into Alzheimer 's treatment .
I 'm part of a team of scientists working to find a cure for Alzheimer 's for more than a decade .
So I think about this all the time .
Alzheimer 's now affecting 40 million worldwide .
But by 2050 , it will affect 150 million , which , by the way , include many of you .
If you expect to live up to 85 or more , the possibility of Alzheimer 's will be almost one of two .
In other words , there 's the chance that you 're going to spend your <unk> or helping care of a friend or being loved with Alzheimer 's .
Only in America , Alzheimer 's costs costs 200 billion dollars every year .
One of five dollars of healthcare is spending in Alzheimer 's disease .
Today it 's the most expensive disease , and their costs need a rise of five times in 2050 , as the generation of the boomers boom .
It may surprise you , but Alzheimer 's is one of the biggest medical and social challenges of our generation .
But it 's been relatively little to fight it .
Today , one of the top 10 causes of death from the world , Alzheimer 's is the only one that can not prevent , cure or even slow down in their development .
We understand less than Alzheimer 's disease , because we 've invested less time and money in the research itself .
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research than Alzheimer 's disease , despite the fact that it costs us more Alzheimer 's and cause a similar number of deaths like cancer .
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause : lack of consciousness .
Because this is what times people know , but everybody should have Alzheimer 's disease , and we can treat it .
For most of the last 200 years , we all , even scientists , <unk> Alzheimer 's disease .
We thought that we 're going to be able to be engaged in a normal and inevitable part of aging .
But there 's only looking at a picture of an old healthy brain compared to the Alzheimer 's disease to see the real physical damage caused by this disease .
In addition to trigger a severe loss of memory and mental skills , damage to brain caused by Alzheimer 's , it reduces significantly life expectancy and it 's always deadly .
Remember , Dr. Alzheimer 's found plates and strange him in the brain of <unk> a century ago .
For nearly a century , we did n't know much about this .
Today we know that they 're made of protein molecules .
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds up as an origami .
There are places on paper that are sticky .
And when it folds well , these sticky dots end up inside .
But sometimes things go wrong , and some sticky dots stay outside .
So this makes the molecules of protein being paste each other , forming groups that can form large plates and this thing .
That 's what we see in the brain of patients with Alzheimer 's disease .
We 've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works .
There 's a lot of steps , and identifying the identifying , which is a complex thing to defuse a bomb .
<unk> a wire could do nothing .
You can get the others to make the bomb explode .
You have to find the right step in it , and then create a drug that does it .
Until recently , most of the wires have reduced the wires and waited the best .
But now there 's a diverse group of people , doctors , biologists , geneticists , chemicals , physicists , engineers and mathematicians .
And together , we 've managed to identify a critical step in the process . Now you 're testing a new type of drugs that set specifically this way to stop the disease .
I 'll show you some of our last results .
No one out of our lab has seen it yet .
So let 's look at some videos from what happened to test these drugs in worms .
These are the healthy worms , and you can see that they 're moving with normal .
These worms , on the other hand , have some protein molecules that stick together within them , as in humans with Alzheimer 's .
And you can see that they 're clearly sick .
But by giving our new drugs to these worms at a early stage , then we see that heal and live in normal life .
This is just a positive result , but research as this shows that Alzheimer 's is a disease that we can understand and cure .
After exhibiting years of waiting , there 's real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years .
But in order to grow that hope , to defeat Alzheimer 's , we need help .
It 's not about scientists like me , it 's about you .
We need to find out that Alzheimer 's disease is a disease , and if we try , we can do it .
In the case of other diseases , patients and their families have the more research and reverse pressure on governments , pharmaceutical industry , about scientists and legislators .
That was essential to progress in HIV treatment in the late 1980s .
Today we see that same unit to beat cancer .
But Alzheimer 's disease often ca n't speak for themselves .
And their families , the hidden victims , caregivers of their loved ones day and night , they 're often too excited to go out and advocate for change .
So , it really depends on you .
Alzheimer 's not , in most cases , a genetic disease .
Everybody with a brain runs the risk .
Today , there are 40 million patients like <unk> , who ca n't create the change they need for themselves .
They 're talking about them , and help demand a cure .
Thank you .
I published this article in the New York Times column in January Times , in January of this year .
To fall in love with someone , do this .
The paper is about a psychological study , designed to create romantic love in the lab , and my own experience to try and try it myself at night .
So , the procedure is pretty simple : Two strangers are going to be used to ask yourself for 36 and more personal questions , and then both look at the eyes without talking about four minutes .
Here 's a couple questions here .
Number 12 : If you could wake up tomorrow with one quality or ability , what would it be ?
Number 28 : When was the last time you could get to another person ?
And just ?
<unk> , these are increasingly personal .
Number 30 : This is really -- Tell your partner what you like from him or she 's like , I know very truthful this time , and I gave things that you would n't say to someone you 've ever met .
When I came across this study a few years ago , a detail really appealed to me , the piece that two of the participants had married six months later and invited all of the lab to the ceremony .
So , it was skeptical about this process of making romantic love , but of course , I was also intrigued .
And when I had the chance to test this study , with somebody who knew not particularly well , I did n't expect to crush on .
However , we fell in love with it , and I thought it was a good story , so I send it to the <unk> column for a few months later .
That was published in January , and now it 's August , so I guess some of you probably ask yourself : they go together yet ?
And the reason I think we challenge this is because they 've done this question over and over in the last seven months .
And this question is just what I want to talk about today .
But let 's go back to the subject .
A week before the paper was published .
I had been working in a romantic book in the last few years , so I 'd been reminded of writing about my experience in romantic love on my blog .
But a blog entry can come to a few hundred views like a lot , and those were usually just from my Facebook friends and imagined that my article in the New York Times would reach probably a few thousands of views .
And that took a good burden of attention to a relatively new relationship .
But as he did , I had no idea .
The paper was published on a Friday evening at night , and on Saturday , this happened on my blog traffic .
And Sunday , I had already called the Today Show and the Good Show America .
In one month , the paper received over eight million hits , and I was , for saying something , little prepared for this kind of attention .
One thing is to foster confidence in writing with sincerity about their own romantic experiences , but another thing is to discover that the loving life of one has been international news and people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship .
And when people called or write , what they did every day for weeks , they always did the same question : they still do together ?
In fact , when I was preparing this talk , I made a quick search for my email and email with the phrase , `` still follow together ? ''
And several messages came up immediately .
They were about students and journalists and strange like this .
I was interviewed on the radio and they asked him .
And even , I gave a talk , and a woman screamed at the stage , `` Hey , where do you have your boyfriend ? ''
And I immediately put red .
I understand that this is part of the deal .
If you write about your relationship in an international newspaper , you should expect that people feel comfortable in asking about it .
But I was n't ready for the wingspan of the answer .
The 36 questions seemed to be alive .
In fact , New York Times published a complementary article for Valentine 's , which included the experiences of readers when he tested the study on them with different degrees of success .
So my first drive to all of this was to be very secretive with my own relationship .
I said not to every request that we both did a public emergence together .
<unk> TV interviews , and he refused to make pictures of us two .
I think I was afraid of becoming the <unk> icons of the <unk> process , a range that I did n't feel at all qualified qualified .
And I understand that people did n't want to know if the study worked , they wanted to know if it really worked : Or , if I was able to produce love love , not just an adventure , but real , love love .
But this was a question that I did n't feel to answer .
My relationship was just a few months , and I felt , especially , that people asked the wrong question .
How do we do that if we would follow together or not , and then do you ?
If the answer was not , do the experience of doing these 36 questions ?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997 , and there , the research goal was not to produce romantic love .
Instead , instead , I was looking for interpersonal approach to interpersonal students , using what Aron called <unk> , progressive , reciprocal <unk> .
Sounds romantic , right ?
But the study worked .
The participants were felt closer to doing it , and several studies later used the <unk> <unk> protocol as a rapid form of creating trust and interaction between strangers .
They 've used it among members of the police and the community , and they 've used it among people of opposing policies .
The original version of history , which I tried last summer , which combines personal questions with four minutes of visual contact , was cited in this article , but unfortunately never was published .
A few months ago , I was giving a talk on a little liberal arts university , and then one student came up to me and he said to me , I tested the study and did n't work .
He seemed puzzled by it .
And I said , `` You want to tell you from the person who you did ? ''
Well he made a pause .
I think she just wants to be friends .
And I , but got better friends ?
Did you feel that they were able to get better after testing the study ?
She nodded .
So , it worked , '' I said .
Yet I do n't think that was the answer that he was looking for .
In fact , I do n't think it 's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love .
I came across the study for the first time when I was 29 , and I was going through a really difficult separation .
I had had that relationship since I was 20 , which was basically basically my entire adult life , and he was my first love of it , and I had no idea how or if I could live without it .
So I turned to the science .
And so I did research all I was able to find about the science of romantic love , and I hoped that that would sort of get the heart .
I do n't know if I realized this at the moment I thought I just did research for the book that I wrote , but in hindsight , it seems really obvious .
I thought that if I was built with the knowledge of romantic love , I would never have to feel as bad as I felt then .
And all this knowledge has been useful in one way or another .
I 'm more patient with love . I 'm more relaxed .
I have more confident to demand what I 'm looking for .
But I can also see me more clearly , and I can realize that what I 'm looking for is sometimes more than you can reasonably demand me .
What I 'm looking for about love is a warranty , not only to be loved today and being loved tomorrow , but to remain loved by the person that I love .
It may be that this is the guarantee that people would ask when they wanted to know if we were still together .
The story that media told about the 36 questions is that there may be a shortcut to fall in love .
There may be a way to mitigate something of implicit risk , and this is a very attractive story , because fall in love makes us feel beautifully , but it 's also terrifying .
But I think when it comes to love , we 're very willing to accept the short version of history .
The story version that question : still follow together ?
And its content with an answer or not .
So more than a question , I would submit that we make questions more difficult , questions like , `` How do you decide who deserves your love and who does n't ? ''
How do you stay in love when things get tough , and how do you know when to cut and distance ?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably leads to a relationship , or even more , how do you live with doubt your partner ?
I do n't necessarily know the answers to these questions , but I think they 're a good start to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love someone .
So if you want the short version of my relationship , it 's this -- a year ago , a known and I apply a study designed to create romantic love , in love , we still follow together , and I 'm very happy .
But fall in love is not the same thing to stay in love with .
<unk> is the easy part .
So at the end of my article , I wrote : Love did n't happen .
<unk> in love because we take the choice to be .
And I shudder to read it now , not because it 's not true , but because at the time , I had n't considered everything that that election was supposed to be .
I did n't think we 'd have both to make that decision , and how much times I will have to keep doing that choice without knowing before , if he will always choose or not .
I want you to be enough to have done and responded 36 questions , having chosen to love someone so generous , kind and fun and fun and have expressed that choice on the largest newspaper in America .
But what I 've done , instead , is to turn my relationship into the kind of myth that I do n't really believe .
And what I 'm looking for , and what you might spend my life looking for is that that myth is true .
I want to be happy to implicit in the title of my article , which is , by the way , the only part of the article I actually did n't write .
But what I have in change is the opportunity to love someone , and the hope that he will also love to love , and it 's scary , but that 's the deal with love .
Thank you .
I was raised by a few lesbian , and in a way , I was a <unk> of the forest .
One of the city in New York is a time -- something that really affected me , but more details later on .
I 'll start when I was eight years old .
And I took a wooden box , and it took a dollar bill , a pen and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado .
And I thought that some of some of the other strangers or some aliens would find this box about 500 years later , and let me see how our species <unk> ideas , for example , how we eat spaghetti .
I had no idea .
Anyway , it 's grace , because here I am , 30 years later , and I 'm still doing boxes .
At a time , I was in Hawaii at a moment -- I like to go through surfing and surfing and all these weird things -- and I was making a collage for my mother .
And I took a dictionary and I took off all the pages and I did a kind of <unk> <unk> style Professor Martin , the resin and a bee stuck .
Well , my mother is afraid of bees and it 's <unk> to them , so I added more resin on the canvas , thinking he could <unk> .
Instead , the opposite was the opposite : somehow it seemed to rise up the size , as if I was going to take the text with a magnifying glass .
So I did ? I built more boxes .
This time , I began to add electronic elements , frogs , strange bottles I was finding around the street , everything I could find , because I was looking for things all my life , trying to relate it and tell stories about these objects .
So I started drawing around objects , and I realized that my God can draw in space .
I can flow <unk> , drawing the same as you do around a body in the crime scene .
And I took the objects up and created my own taxonomy of specimens .
First , botanical -- that you can get an idea .
Then I made some insects and strange creatures .
It was very fun to draw in the resin .
And it was great , because I started building exhibitions and those things , and I was making some money , to take my girlfriend for dinner , for example , going to <unk> .
It was great , man .
At some point I became interested in the human form , <unk> sculptures of natural size with drawings of human beings inside the layers .
It was great , except for one thing : I was dying .
I did n't know what to do , because the resin was going to kill me .
And I went to bed every night thinking about it .
So I tried to use glass .
I started drawing on the layers of glass , similar to the drawing in a window , then in another window , and another window , and I had all these windows come together , put together a three-dimensional composition .
And this really worked , and so I could stop using the resin .
So I did this for years , and my work was going to do something very big , I call `` triptych . ''
To the triptych , I was largely inspired by `` The garden 's garden '' from Hieronymus Bosch that 's a painting in the <unk> Museum in Spain .
Do you know it ?
Well , it 's a fantastic painting .
They say it 's a little ahead to their time .
Well the triptych . <unk> this piece .
It weighs 11 kilos .
5.5 feet long .
It 's got double face , so it 's 10 meters of composition .
It 's a bit weird .
Well , that 's the source of blood .
On the left , it 's Jesus and the lobsters .
There 's a cave where all these creatures with animals travel between two worlds .
They 're going to have the world of representation , to this Creative analog mesh .
Here 's where the creatures with animals are headed to the <unk> , lists to commit suicide in the ocean .
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements .
This is a bird <unk> tied to a <unk> .
Billy Graham is in the sea ; the Horizon -- the <unk> platform of the Middle Ages -- the refuge of Osama bin Laden , there are all kinds of weird things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean .
Anyway , also a kind of <unk> .
It 's coming out of the ocean , and it spits out oil in a hand while the other hand comes out clouds .
Their hands are like <unk> and seems to be a mythological being that keeps the Earth and the cosmos in balance .
So it 's a look like `` triptych . ''
It 's a little bit of a narrative .
That 's the hand that spits it out .
And then , when you go to the other side , you have a nose , like a bird peak , and it spits clouds out of this nose .
It also has a five feet long , a snake tail which binds the `` triptych . ''
Anyway , his tail turn on fire to <unk> over a volcano .
I do n't know why it happened .
Things that go through , you know .
His tail ends up in a <unk> eyeball made from 1986 <unk> .
Have you seen them ?
They were done in the 1980s , as if they were baseball cards .
It brings me to my last project . This brings me to my last project .
I 'm in the middle of two projects : One is called `` <unk> . ''
This is a six-year-old project to make 100 of these human beings .
Each one is an archive of our culture , through media and material to be encyclopedias , dictionaries or magazines .
But each one acts as a kind of file in a form of human being , and they travel into groups of 20 , four or 12 at the time .
They 're like cells , they come together , they divide .
And you can walk between them . It 's taking me years .
Each one is basically a microscope <unk> that weighs 1,300 kilos with a human being trapped inside of it .
This is a little cave in my chest .
That 's the head ; it 's the chest , you can download the entry .
I 'm going to get through the rest of the body : there 's a waterfall that comes out of the chest , and it takes the penis or <unk> , or whatever it has , a kind of <unk> thing .
It 's a quick refresher on these works because I ca n't afford for a long time .
We have layers , you can see .
This is a <unk> body .
This has two heads , and it 's communicating with the two .
There are some pills coming out and come in the head of this strange statue .
There 's a small forest scene within your chest cavity .
Can you see it ?
Anyway , this talk is about these boxes , just like the boxes we live in .
We 're in a box , the solar system is a box .
This brings me to my last box .
It 's a brick box . It 's called Mrs. <unk> .
Within this box , there 's a physicist , a neuroscientist , a painter , a musician , a writer , a writer , a <unk> , a museum , a publishing arm that spreads all the content we do in the world ; and a garden .
<unk> the box and all the people inside hits each other as a particles .
And I think that 's how to change the world .
When you redefines who is and the box that 's living in .
And together we got to realize that we are all together in this , that this illusion that we are different , these concepts of countries , from borders , of religion , does n't work .
We 're all very made of the same matter and in the same box .
And if we do n't start to exchange those things with sweetness and everything we 're going to die very soon .
Thank you very much .
What do you do when they hurt your head ?
They take an aspirin .
But so that this pill has effect against pain , it 's first about the stomach , the intestines and other organs .
So taking a pill is the most effective and <unk> system for any drug to make any effect on your body .
The disadvantage , though , is that by <unk> any drug gets diluted out .
And this is a big problem , especially in patients with HIV .
When they take antiretroviral drugs , they 're going to decrease the amount of viruses in the blood , and they will increase the <unk> cells .
But they 're also known for their adverse side effects , mostly negative , because in the time that it takes to get to your blood stream , they will be rejuvenated , and worse by the time it takes to get to its destination , which is where it 's more important : in the HIV store .
These are regions of the body like metastatic nodes , the nervous system , the lungs , where the virus is dead , and it does n't easily go into the bloodstream of patients that are <unk> to regular therapy with antiretroviral drugs .
However , after the disruption of treatment , the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells .
This is the big problem of HIV treatment with the current drugs that are currently oral <unk> .
One day , I sat down and I thought , `` Could we do the treatment directly into the warehouse of the virus , without the risk of dilution of drugs ? ''
As a scientific expert on lasers , the answer was in front of me : lasers , of course .
If you 're used in dentistry , for caring for wounds and diabetes care , they can be used for anything you can think of , including the drug medications .
In fact , we 're now using pulses of laser to open or drill into extremely small holes , which opens and closing almost immediately the cells that are infected with HIV to introduce drugs .
The best people ask , `` How is that possible ? ''
We sent a small and potent laser beam on the cellular membrane , whereas these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug .
The laser goes through the cell , whereas the cell absorbs the drug in question of microseconds .
Before you even notice , the hole is <unk> immediately .
Today we 're testing this in vitro technology or in dishes , but the goal is to bring this technology into the human body , apply it to the human body .
`` How is that possible ? '' You can ask .
Well , the answer is : through a <unk> device .
With the first head , which is our laser , we will make an incision on the site of infection .
The second head , which is a camera , leading to the site of infection .
Finally , the third head , a <unk> that distributes the drug , it frees directly into the site of infection , whereas the laser is used again to keep the cells open .
Well , this does n't look like a lot of time .
But one day , if it 's successful , this technology can lead to the complete eradication of HIV .
Yeah . A cure for HIV .
This is the dream of every researcher of HIV -- in our case , a laser treatment .
Thank you .
In the last decade , I 've studied <unk> armed groups : armed organizations as terrorists , insurgents or militia .
<unk> what these groups do when they 're not shooting .
My goal is to understand better to these drivers of violence and study ways of encouraging the transition from violent participation into nonviolent confrontation .
I do field work , in the world of politics and in the library .
Understanding these groups is key to solving almost every conflict in course , because war has changed .
I used to be a dispute among states .
No .
It 's now a conflict between states and non-governmental actors .
For example , from the <unk> peace agreements , <unk> in 1975 and 2011 , <unk> had signed up between a state and a non-governmental actor .
So we need to understand these groups ; we even have to engage them or engage in any resolution of successful conflict resolution .
But how do we do that ?
We have to know what motivates these organizations .
We know very well the reasons why they struggle , how they do it , but nobody analyzes what they do when they do n't fight .
The armed struggle and politics is not armed to relate to .
It 's all part of the same organization .
We ca n't understand these groups , not much less <unk> , without a global view .
The armed groups of today are complex organizations .
For example , the Lebanese <unk> , known for their violent violent against Israel .
From their creation in the 1980 's , <unk> also has established a political party , a network of social services and a military device .
Similarly , the Palestinian Hamas , known for his suicide bombers versus Israel , also runs the Gaza Gaza Gaza since 2007 .
So these groups make more than simply shooting .
They are multitasking .
They put a complex machine out of communication : radio stations , TV channels , Internet websites and strategies in social networks .
And here 's the magazine magazine , printed in English and published to recruit .
Poor armed groups also invest in a complex fundraising fundraising , but by profitable businesses , for example , construction companies .
These activities are key .
They enable these groups to increase their strength , increased their funds , to recruit better and build their brand .
The armed groups also do something more : they create stronger ties with their population investing in social services .
They build schools , and they run hospitals , they put professional training programs or microfinance .
<unk> offers all these services and more .
The armed groups also try to conquer the population by offering something that the state does not provide : security and protection .
The rise of the Taliban in Afghanistan torn by war or even the rise of ISIS , can also understand the efforts of these groups for delivering safety .
Unfortunately , in these cases , security has an elevated price for the population .
But in general , providing social services , it means to fill in a vacuum , a <unk> gap by the government , and allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power .
For example , the electoral victory of 2006 , of Palestinian fur , ca n't be understood without recognizing the social work of the group .
It 's a really complex scenario , even in the West , when we look at armed groups , we just think about the violent side .
But that 's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups , the strategy or the long-term vision .
These groups are hybrids .
They grow because they fill gaps left by the government , and they emerge as armed and political groups , involved in violent struggle and give governance .
And the more complex and more sophisticated , these organizations are organizations , less we can do it as a contrary to a state .
How do you call a group like <unk> ?
It 's part of a piece of territory , running all its functions , collect the garbage , they collect the sewer system .
Is it a state ? Is it a rebel group ?
Or maybe it 's something else , something new and different .
And what is ISIS ?
The lines are <unk> .
We live in a world of states , with no state and hybrid nations , and the weaker are the states , like in the Middle East , more intervene and fill that gap the non-governmental actors .
This is important for governments , because to counter to these groups , you will have to invest more in the military tools .
And we would take that gap vacuum of government has to be at the center of any sustainable approach .
This is very important as well to establish , and we made peace .
If we understand better to armed groups , we 'll understand better than incentives to enable the transition from violence to non-violence .
In this new dispute between states and non-state actors , military power can win some battles , but we will not give us peace and stability .
To achieve these goals , we need investments to fill out that vacuum vacuum , to fill out that vacuum gap that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle .
Thank you .
I 'm a failure as a woman , and as a feminist .
My opinions about gender equality is <unk> , but I 'm afraid accepting a lot of the feminist label , it would be unfair for feminist .
I 'm a feminist , but pretty bad .
And therefore , I 'm like a bad feminist .
Or , at least , I wrote an article , and a book called `` The bad feminist , '' and then in interviews , people started calling the <unk> <unk> .
So what started as a personal joke meant to myself and a deliberate provocation , has become something bigger .
Let me take a step back .
When I was young , especially in my youth , and at the age of 20 , I had weird ideas about feminist , these women <unk> , experimented with men and hated sex . Like if that was bad .
Today , I see how women are treated around the world and anger , in particular , it looks like a perfectly reasonable response .
But at the time , I was worried about the tone that I was using people to imply that might be a feminist .
Being labeled as a feminist was an accusation , a taboo and unpleasant word .
I 'm <unk> as a woman who does n't follow the rules , which is a little bit too , with high self-esteem and dare to believe that it 's equal to a man .
Nobody wants to be that rebel woman , until he realizes that it 's actually that woman and ca n't imagine being another person .
Over time , as I went growing , I started accepting that I am , in fact , feminist , and also , proud to be .
For me , certain statements are <unk> : women are equal to men .
They 're doing the same wages for the same paycheck .
We have a right to travel around the world as we sell it , free from bullying or violence .
We have a right to use easy and affordable and reproductive services .
We have the right to decide about our bodies , without any need of legislative controls or doctrines .
We have the right to respect .
There 's more .
When you talk about the needs of women , you have to notice our other identities .
We 're not just women .
We are people with a different body , expression of gender , religion and sexuality , social condition , skills and much more .
We have to notice these differences and how they affect us , in the same way that matters what we have in common .
Without this kind of inclusion , our feminism is nothing .
For me , these truths are evident , but to be clear : I 'm a disaster .
I 'm full of contradictions .
There 's a lot of things that make me a bad feminist .
I have another confession .
When I drive to work , I hear rap music to you .
Although the letter degrades the women , and it offends me deeply , the classic `` Salt <unk> '' of Yin yang is incredible .
`` Do it happen with your wet t-shirt .
<unk> , give him , <unk> until the shell hits you . ''
Think about it .
<unk> poetry , right ?
I 'm completely mortified for my musical taste .
I firmly believe in the work of man , which is all I do n't want to do , including -- all housework , but also killing insects , the garbage collection , the <unk> and the maintenance of <unk> .
I do n't want to have anything to do with that .
The rose is my favorite color .
I love the fashion magazines and the beautiful things .
I can see `` The <unk> '' and the romantic comedy , and I have absurd fantasies of the fairy fairy tales that make it happen .
Some of my crimes are more <unk> .
If a woman wants to adopt the name of her husband , he 's his choice , and I 'm not who to judge .
If a woman decides to stay at home to raise her children , I accept that election , too .
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice , the problem is that our society is <unk> in a way that makes women economically vulnerable when they choose .
So we fix this problem .
Let 's take conventional feminism that has been ignored or <unk> the needs of color women , the workers , gay and transgender women , for white , heterosexuals , middle class .
Listen , if that 's good feminism , I 'm a very bad feminist .
Also the following : As a feminist , I feel a lot of pressure .
We have this tendency to put feminist highlighted on a pedestal .
We hope that it 's going to make perfection .
When we <unk> , we disengaged with a lot of taste from the very pedestal where we put them .
As I said , I 'm a disaster ; I already think of that pedestal before I try to get up there .
So many women , particularly innovative and the leaders of the sector , are afraid to be tagged as feminist .
They 're afraid to stand up and say , `` Yes , I 'm a feminist , '' because of fear of what that sticker means , because of fear not to be able to follow the rare expectations .
Take for example to <unk> , or like I call it , the Goddess of Goddess .
Over the last few years , it 's a <unk> feminist .
In the Video <unk> Video Video , on MTV , he acted in front of the word `` feminist '' <unk> .
It was a magnificent show , and look at this pop-up star star embracing feminism and do know about women and young men who be feminist is something to be proud of .
We spent the time , the critics of cultural critics started arguments if they were n't , or not exactly feminist .
So let 's start their feminism , instead of simply believing the word of an adult and grown woman .
Really perfection of the feminist , because we 're still struggling for a lot , we want a lot , we need so much , we need to make a lot of it .
We 're going so much beyond the sane and constructive criticism , to take the feminism from any woman , to tear it up until nothing left .
We do n't need to do that .
Big feminism , or rather , a more inclusive feminism is the starting point .
But what happens next ?
We 're going to recognize our flaws to give bills , go to action and be a little bit more courageous .
If I hear music , I 'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy providing an limitless supply .
These artists will not change their way of talking about women in their songs until they were going to promote change actually affecting their profits .
It 's certainly hard .
Why has his music to be so <unk> ?
It 's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice .
But when the bad decisions are justify this makes it more difficult for women to achieve equality , the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility .
I think of my nieces , three and four years old .
It 's two fine , magnificent and brilliant ones , and also very brave . I want to grow up in a world .
where they were appreciated by strong creatures that are .
I think of them , all of a sudden , the best choice as a much easier to do .
We can all make better decisions .
We can change the channel when a television program is dealing with sexual violence against women as sport , <unk> the Game of <unk> .
We can change the radio imaging when we hear songs that treat women as nothing .
We can spend our money to go to the movies somewhere else when the movies are not treated the more than decorative objects .
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their peers as a boxing disengaged .
In any case , men , especially white men , heterosexuals can say , `` No , I 'm not going to post in their magazine , participate in their project , or to work with you , until you do n't have a number enough women , so much to participate as to make decisions .
I 'm not going to work with you until your publication , or your organization or your organization is more inclusive with a broader range of people . ''
Those of us who are <unk> , but invited to participate in these kinds of projects , we can also help be included as far as we are welcome to overcome the barriers to decision .
Because we are not <unk> groupers , without these efforts , without adopting these positions , our accomplishments will mean very little .
We can make these little acts of bravery and hope that our decisions will come to the top , to people in the power directors and music producers and music , CEOs , CEOs , people who can make great decisions , more courageous , to create a lasting change and meaningful .
We can also affirm our feminism , well , bad , or anyway .
The last line of my book , `` Bad <unk> , '' says , `` I 'm thinking a bad feminist not to be at all . ''
This is true because of a lot of reasons , but I mean , above all , because my voice was stolen to me and feminism helped me <unk> .
There was an incident .
I call it an incident to address what happened .
Some of the guys were telling me when I was very young , and I did n't know that kids can do this to a girl .
They treated me like nothing .
I started to believe that it was nothing .
I 'm going to make my voice , and after I did n't dare to believe that I could say something that could matter .
But ... I was writing .
And I went back to <unk> .
I 'd become a stronger version of myself .
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine , and the women who looked like me and understood what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin .
I read the words of the women who showed me that was nothing .
I learned how to write like them , and then I learned how to write like myself .
I found my voice again , and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure .
Through writing and feminism , I also found that if I was a little brave , another woman could hear me and see me and realize that none of us is nothing that the world is trying to tell us that we are .
In one hand , I have the power to achieve anything .
And in the other hand , I argue the humbling reality that I 'm just a woman .
I 'm a bad feminist , I 'm a good woman , I 'm trying to improve my way of thinking , what I say and what I do , without leaving everything that makes me human .
I hope we can all do the same thing .
I hope that we can all be a little brave , when you need a little bit brave .
Just after Christmas last year , I <unk> children in California had measles for you to visit Disneyland or to be exposed to somebody who had been there .
The virus then went through the border with Canada , infecting over 100 children in <unk> .
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles that may be fatal to a child with a <unk> immune system is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world .
There is an effective vaccine against this for more than half a century , but many of the kids involved in the Disneyland outbreak had not been vaccinated , because their parents were afraid of something supposedly worse : autism .
But a moment , was n't the article that broke the argument about autism and the <unk> vaccines , disqualified and marked by being a deliberate fraud by the British Medical Journal ?
Do n't believe most intelligent scientists that the theory that vaccines cause autism is a stupidity ?
I think most of you know it , but millions of parents all over the world are still going to avoid avoiding that vaccines put in danger to their children of having autism .
Why ?
Here 's why .
This is a graph of the rise of autism over time .
For most of the 20th century , autism was considered a very rare disease .
The few psychologists and pediatricians that I 'd heard of , create their entire professional life without seeing one case .
For decades , the estimates of prevalence kept stable only three or four children per 10,000 .
But then , in the 1990s , the numbers started <unk> .
Management as fundraising <unk> as routinely routinely refer to autism as an epidemic , as if I could catch from another child at Disneyland .
What 's going on ?
If you 're not vaccines , what is it ?
If you ask people at the Center for Disease Control , what 's going on , tend to be based on phrases like `` diagnostic criteria expanded '' and `` a better degree detection , '' to explain these rising numbers .
But that kind of language do n't dissipate a lot of the fears of a young mother looking at the face of two years , visual contact .
If the criteria of diagnosis had a scale , why were they so close to the beginning ?
Why were the cases of autism so difficult to find before the 1990s ?
Five years ago , I decided to discover answers to these questions .
I learned that what happened has less to do with slower and cautious progress of the science that with the seductive power of storytelling .
For most of the 20th century , doctors told a story about what autism is and how it was discovered , but that story turned out to be false , and the consequences of the same is having a devastating impact on global health .
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had lost and forgotten in the dark corners of the clinical literature .
This second story tells us all about how we got here and where we have to go .
The first story starts with a child psychiatrist , Leo <unk> , at Johns Hopkins Hospital , and in 1943 , <unk> published an article that describes 11 young patients who seemed like private worlds , <unk> the people around her , even to their own parents .
You could have fun for hours by waving his hands in his face , but they were prey to panic by <unk> as when they 're not putting his favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them .
On the base of the patients treated in their clinic , <unk> <unk> that autism is very rare .
By the 1950s , as a major authority of the world in the subject , he declared that I 'd seen less than 150 true cases of their syndrome as we pick up references of places as far as South Africa .
This is actually not surprising , because the criteria of autism for autism diagnosis were very <unk> .
For example , let 's give that diagnosis to kids with seizures , but now we know that epilepsy is very common in autism .
Once he had become a <unk> that he had turned nine from 10 kids to get out of his doctor to be autistic by being autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism .
<unk> was an intelligent man , but part of his theories were n't <unk> .
We would find autism as a form of child psychosis , caused by cold and <unk> parents .
These kids , he said , they 've been kept in a fridge that was n't <unk> .
At the same time , however , <unk> noticed that some of his young patients had special skills that cluster together in certain areas like music , mathematics and memory .
One of the kids in your clinic could distinguish between 18 symphonies before they turned the two .
When his mother put one of his favorite records , he said , `` Beethoven . ''
But <unk> had a bad opinion of these skills , affirming things like kids were simply showing what they 'd heard of their parents ' parents , desperate to win their approval .
As a result , autism became a source of shame for families , and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own well , becoming invisible to the world in general .
Amazingly , it was n't until the 1970s that researchers started testing the theory of <unk> that autism was rare .
<unk> <unk> , a cognitive psychologist in London , I thought that the theory of mothers ' mothers was quite stupid .
She and her husband , John were warm and <unk> , and they had a deep autistic parent named Susie .
<unk> and John knew how hard he was to raise a child as black-eyed Susie , without special education , and without access to other resources without a diagnosis .
To defend the U.S. National Service needed more resources for autistic children and their families , <unk> , and their colleague colleague Judith Gould decided to do something that should have done 30 years before .
They launched an prevalence of autism in the general population .
He was a suburb of London called <unk> to try to find the autistic children in the community .
What you saw clearly was that the <unk> model was too limited , because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse .
Some kids could n't speak at all , whereas others were putting them in their fascination with astrophysics , in the dinosaurs or the genealogy of <unk> .
Otherwise , these kids did n't fit in nice , <unk> pictures , like he said Judith , and saw a lot of them , much more than the monolithic model of <unk> would have predicted .
At first , they were lost by trying to make sense of their data .
How did nobody realize these kids before ?
But then I found a reference to an article published in German 1944 , the year after the article of <unk> , and then he forgot , buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember .
<unk> knew about this article of competition , but I avoided <unk> mentioning in his own work .
There was not even an English translation , but luckily , the <unk> husband talked German , and he translated it for her .
The document offers an alternative story of autism .
His author was a man named Hans Asperger 's , who was an integrated clinic with a boarding school in Vienna in the 1930s .
Now , the ideas of Asperger 's for teaching children with differences of learning was actually <unk> for contemporary standards .
The morning in its clinic started with classes with music with music , and the children kept on Sunday afternoon .
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism , Asperger 's described as a living disability for life that required compassionate forms of support and hollow spaces over the course of life .
Instead of treating kids in their clinic as patients , Asperger 's , I called them their little teachers , and he started helping in the development of methods of education that were especially appropriate for them .
Basically , Asperger 's what has seen autism as a diverse continuum that included an amazing variety of gifts and disability .
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common , and they 've always been , looking at aspects of this continuum in pop culture like the awkward social scientist and Professor <unk> .
He was further there until I said , that for success in science and art , a hint of autism is essential .
And by <unk> , Judith discovered that <unk> was wrong in that autism was <unk> , as well as parents were the question .
Over the next few years , they worked in silence with the American Association of physicians to expand the criteria of the diagnosis that reflect the diversity of what they called `` autistic spectrum . ''
By the end of the '80s and the early '80s , their changes came into place , <unk> the limited model of <unk> by a broad and inclusive .
These changes do n't fell on broken bag .
My name and Judith worked on the back , to reform these criteria , people around the world to see an autistic adult for the first time .
Before I was coming out `` Rain Man '' in 1988 , just a small circle , <unk> by experts knew what autism was , but after Project acting of Hoffman like Raymond <unk> and `` Rain Man '' with four prize prize with the Academy of `` Rain Man '' with four prize prizes .
At the same time , they were introduced to the early clinical trials to use to diagnose autism .
I should n't have a connection with that little circle of experts to get a diagnosis for her son .
The combination of `` Rain Man '' changes in the criteria and the introduction of these trials created a network effect , a perfect storm of the consciousness of autism .
The number of diagnoses started rise , just like they predicted <unk> and Judith , in fact they hoped that that was , to make people with autism and their families finally get the support and the services they deserved .
So Andrew <unk> got to blame vaccines for the growing vaccine , and a simple , powerful , <unk> history , as bad as the theory of <unk> that autism was <unk> .
If the current estimate of prevention for one of 68 children in America are in the spectrum , it 's right , the <unk> are one of the largest minority groups in the world .
Over the last few years , autistic people have joined the Internet to refuse the idea that the puzzles are because of the new medical advances , we will promote the term `` <unk> '' to celebrate the varieties of human cognition .
One way to understand <unk> is to think about terms of human operating systems .
The fact that a PC will not work with Windows , it does n't mean it 's broken .
According to <unk> , the normal human brain is easily <unk> in social , social sciences , and it suffers from a glimpse deficit to the details .
Definitely , autistic people have difficulty living in a world not built for them .
70 years later , we 're still reaching Asperger 's , which believed that the `` cure '' for the most autism aspects of autism are in the understanding of teachers , employers with capacity , support communities , and parents with faith in their children 's potential .
An autistic woman named <unk> <unk> once said , `` We need all the hands on deck to bring the ship of humanity . ''
As we browse into an uncertain future , we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges that we face as a society .
We can not afford to waste a brain .
Thank you .
